0	Seton Hall	The night following their departure the Hall of Youth burned to the ground. #SetonHall
1	Emre Can	Why do you weep? Why turn away? Can you fail to know how we have just ceased lamenting the affairs of state, in order that we
1	Emre Can	might see you? Be reconciled to us, then, and retain no longer your anger against your citizens, friends, temples, tombs; do
1	Emre Can	not come rushing down into the city with hostile wrath nor take by storm your native land in which you were born, were reared, and became Coriolanus, bearer of this great name. #EmreCan
2	Cassius Winston	After this Spurius Cassius and Opiter Verginius as consuls made peace with the Sabines. #CassiusWinston
3	Cassius Winston	Aurelius, however, subsequently took the place, killed all the inhabitants, and deposed Cassius from his command. #CassiusWinston
4	Cassius Winston	Some were caught when it became day and lost their lives others got safely away to Syria in the company of Cassius Longinus, the quaestor. #CassiusWinston
5	Cassius Winston	The fact that there were not many of them enabled Cassius easily to effect their repulse. #CassiusWinston
6	Cassius Winston	When at Carrae the soldiers through hatred of Crassus granted to Cassius absolute control of themselves, and the commander
6	Cassius Winston	himself on account of the greatness of the disaster voluntarily allowed it, but Cassius would not accept it now, however, he took charge of Syria perforce, for the time being and subsequently. #CassiusWinston
7	Cassius Winston	As they failed to take Antioch, where Cassius repulsed them severely and they were unable to institute any siege, they turned to Antigonea. #CassiusWinston
8	Cassius Winston	Finding themselves unable to do this, because the task was a great one and their time was spent in vain, while Cassius
8	Cassius Winston	harassed those scattered about, they retired apparently with the intention of proceeding against some other position. #CassiusWinston
9	Cassius Winston	Meanwhile Cassius set an ambush on the road along which they were to depart, and confronting them there with a few men he induced them to pursue, led them into the trap, and killed Osaces and others. #CassiusWinston
10	Cassius Winston	Even as it was they waited a long time, not wishing to read it, but at last they were compelled by Quintus Cassius Longinus and Mark Antony, the tribunes, to make it public. #CassiusWinston
11	Cassius Winston	After this act he assigned that nation to Cassius Longinus because the latter was accustomed to the inhabitants from his quaestorship which he had served under Pompey. #CassiusWinston
12	Cassius Winston	During this same time that Dyrrachium was being besieged Lucius Cassius Longinus and Gnaeus Domitius Calvinus had been sent by him into Macedonia and into Thessaly. #CassiusWinston
13	Cassius Winston	Of yore on that day he had experienced the most brilliant success, whereas he now suffered the most grievous fate again,
13	Cassius Winston	following a certain oracle he had been suspicious of all the citizens named Cassius, but instead of being the object of a plot by any man called Cassius he died and was buried beside the mountain that had this name. #CassiusWinston
14	Cassius Winston	Everything turned out favorably for him for instance, while crossing the Hellespont in a kind of ferryboat, he met Pompey's
14	Cassius Winston	fleet sailing with Lucius Cassius in command, but so far from suffering any harm at their hands he terrified them and won them to his side. #CassiusWinston
15	Cassius Winston	If Marcus Brutus and Gaius Cassius had stopped to think this over they would never have killed the city's head and protector
15	Cassius Winston	nor have made themselves the cause of countless ills both to their own persons and to all the rest of mankind then existing. #CassiusWinston
16	Cassius Winston	Once on a single day they had passed in his honor an unusually large number of decrees of especially important character, that
16	Cassius Winston	had been voted unanimously by all the rest except Cassius and a few others, who became notorious for this action yet they suffered no harm, a fact which conspicuously displayed their ruler's clemency. #CassiusWinston
17	Cassius Winston	So they came to terms on the conditions that had been voted, but those on the Capitol would not come down till they had
17	Cassius Winston	secured the son of Lepidus and the son of Antony to treat as hostages; then Brutus descended to Lepidus, to whom he was related, and Cassius to Antony, being assured of safety. #CassiusWinston
18	Cassius Winston	While dining together they naturally, at such a juncture, discussed a variety of topics and Antony asked Cassius "Have you
18	Cassius Winston	perhaps got some kind of dagger under your arm even now?" To which he answered "Yes, and a big one, if you too should desire to play the tyrant. #CassiusWinston
19	Cassius Winston	And do not choose to neglect the seriousness of the present situation and then ask again for another Cassius or some more Brutuses. #CassiusWinston
20	Cassius Winston	In fine, he said that he would abandon Gaul and disband his legions, if they would grant these soldiers the same rewards as they had voted to Caesar's and would elect Cassius and Marcus Brutus consuls. #CassiusWinston
21	Cassius Winston	That it was a mere pretext for getting control of Gaul he himself made plain in demanding that Cassius and Marcus Brutus be appointed consuls. #CassiusWinston
22	Cassius Winston	To Sextus Pompey they entrusted the fleet, to Marcus Brutus Macedonia, and to Cassius Syria together with the war against Dolabella. #CassiusWinston
23	Cassius Winston	Furthermore they changed their clothing again, they had resumed citizen's apparel in honor of Caesar's consulship, and summoned Marcus Brutus and Cassius and Sextus to proceed against them. #CassiusWinston
24	Cassius Winston	This was not because he had formed a compact with Antony and through him with Lepidus, little he cared for that fact, but
24	Cassius Winston	because he saw they were powerful and knew their purposes were linked by the bands of kinship, and he could not use force with
24	Cassius Winston	them; and besides he cherished hopes of bringing about through them the downfall of Cassius and Brutus, who were already very influential, and subsequently of wearing them out one against the other. #CassiusWinston
25	Cassius Winston	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORY  The following is contained in the Fortyseventh of Dio's Rome How Caesar, Antony, and Lepidus came to Rome
25	Cassius Winston	and instituted a reign of slaughter chapters About Brutus and Cassius and what they did before the battle of Philippi chapters
25	Cassius Winston	How Brutus and Cassius were defeated by Caesar and perished chapters Duration of time, the remainder of the consulship of
25	Cassius Winston	Gaius Vibius Pansa and Aulus Hirtius, together with one additional year, in which there were the following magistrates here enumerated M. Aemilius M.F. Lepidus cos. #CassiusWinston
26	Cassius Winston	They had a refuge, of course, with Brutus and Cassius and Sextus, and the majority directed their flight toward the last mentioned. #CassiusWinston
27	Cassius Winston	Brutus and Cassius had at first, after the compact made by them with Antony and the rest, gone into the Forum and discharged the activities of praetorship with the same diligence as before. #CassiusWinston
28	Cassius Winston	Cassius proceeded to the Syrian country, because its inhabitants were acquainted with him and friendly as a result of his campaign with Crassus, while Brutus united Greece and Macedonia. #CassiusWinston
29	Cassius Winston	The reason was that his mother Polla learned of the plot in advance, and being very fearful lest Cassius should be overtaken
29	Cassius Winston	by his fate for she was very fond of him and lest her son should be detected, voluntarily informed Cassius of the plot herself beforehand, and received the preservation of her son as a reward. #CassiusWinston
30	Cassius Winston	Brutus besides doing this had stamped upon the coins which were being minted his own likeness and a helmet and two daggers, indicating by this and by the inscription that in company with Cassius he had liberated his country. #CassiusWinston
31	Cassius Winston	At that same period Cassius had crossed over to Trebonius in Asia ahead of Dolabella, and after securing money from him and a
31	Cassius Winston	number of the cavalry whom Dolabella had sent before him into Syria attached to his cause many others of the Asiatics and Cilicians. #CassiusWinston
32	Cassius Winston	This done, Cassius went to Syria, and without striking a blow assumed entire direction of the nations and the legions. #CassiusWinston
33	Cassius Winston	Things were in this condition among them when Cassius came on the scene and at once conciliated all the cities through the
33	Cassius Winston	reputation of what he had done in his quaestorship and his other fame, and attached the legions of Bassus and of the rest without additional labor. #CassiusWinston
34	Cassius Winston	Thus did Cassius in brief time become strong and he sent a despatch to Caesar about reconciliation and to the senate about the situation, couched in similar language to that of Brutus. #CassiusWinston
35	Cassius Winston	And they instructed the consuls to carry on opposition to him and the entire war as soon as they should have brought their temporary business to a successful conclusion not knowing yet that Cassius held Syria. #CassiusWinston
36	Cassius Winston	Dolabella, accordingly, after becoming in this way master of Asia came into Cilicia while Cassius was in Palestine, took over
36	Cassius Winston	the people of Tarsus with their consent, conquered a few of Cassius's guards who were at Aegeae, and invaded Syria. #CassiusWinston
37	Cassius Winston	He had escaped from this when he encountered Cassius marching toward him, and gave battle, which resulted in his own defeat. #CassiusWinston
38	Cassius Winston	He was then shut up and besieged in Laodicea, where he was entirely cut off from the land, to be sure Cassius being assisted
38	Cassius Winston	by some Parthians among others, but retained some power through the Asiatic ships and the Egyptian ones which Cleopatra had sent him, and furthermore by means of the money which came to him from her. #CassiusWinston
39	Cassius Winston	He constructed a kind of fort over against them and set out for Syria, believing it to be of more importance to aid Cassius than himself to destroy their city. #CassiusWinston
40	Cassius Winston	Cassius when he had settled matters in Syria and in Cilicia came to meet Brutus in Asia. #CassiusWinston
41	Cassius Winston	These were therefore suspected by Brutus and Cassius of favoring their antagonists, since they had been well treated by the
41	Cassius Winston	former Caesar, and fear was entertained by the two leaders lest when they themselves departed this group should cause some turmoil and lead the rest to revolt. #CassiusWinston
42	Cassius Winston	The Rhodians, who had so great an opinion of their seamanship that they anticipated Cassius by sailing to the mainland and
42	Cassius Winston	displayed to his army the fetters they were bringing with the idea that they were going to capture many alive, were yet conquered by him, first in a naval battle near Myndus and later close to Rhodes itself. #CassiusWinston
43	Cassius Winston	Thereupon Cassius himself crossed over to their island, where he met with no resistance, possessing, as he did, their goodwill because of the stay he had made there in the interests of his education. #CassiusWinston
44	Cassius Winston	Saxa and Norbanus happened to have occupied the shortest path across, therefore Brutus and Cassius did not even try to get through that way, but went around by a longer path, the socalled Crenides. #CassiusWinston
45	Cassius Winston	These leaders on learning that Cassius and Brutus were for some time busy with the Rhodians and the Lycians had thought that
45	Cassius Winston	their adversaries would have more fighting on their hands there, and so instead of hastening had sent Saxa and Norbanus forward into Macedonia. #CassiusWinston
46	Cassius Winston	When it seemed to them to be impossible to dislodge him, and the case of Cassius and Brutus appeared to be more urgent, they
46	Cassius Winston	left a small part of their army to garrison Italy and with the major portion safely crossed the Ionian sea. #CassiusWinston
47	Cassius Winston	Caesar heard of it and feared either possible outcome, that his colleague should be defeated in a separate attack or again
47	Cassius Winston	that he should conquer in the former event he felt that Brutus and Cassius would attain power, and in the latter that Antony would have it all himself; therefore he made haste though still unwell. #CassiusWinston
48	Cassius Winston	Cassius and Brutus had no particular aversion to a battle, they had the advantage in the number of soldiers, though the latter
48	Cassius Winston	were deficient in strength, but some reflection on their own condition and that of their opponents showed them that allies
48	Cassius Winston	were being added to their own numbers every day and that they had abundant food by the help of the ships; consequently they put off action in the hope of gaining their ends without danger and loss of men. #CassiusWinston
49	Cassius Winston	And if all had contested with all, as may happen under such circumstances, or if Brutus had been arrayed against Antony and Cassius against Caesar, they would have proved equally matched. #CassiusWinston
50	Cassius Winston	Brutus immediately sent the body of Cassius secretly to Thasos. #CassiusWinston
51	Cassius Winston	So he fared as long as the resistance of Cassius and Brutus held out. #CassiusWinston
52	Cassius Winston	When the battle with Brutus and Cassius had been fought, Caesar and Antony redistributed the world, Caesar taking Numidia for his share of Libya, and Antony Africa. #CassiusWinston
53	Cassius Winston	He was by chance an ally of Brutus and Cassius and had been sent to Orodes before the battle to secure some help he was
53	Cassius Winston	detained by him a long time over three lines starting at line beginning "constant ill treatment" and his presence ignored, because the king hesitated to conclude the alliance with him yet feared to refuse. #CassiusWinston
54	Cassius Winston	And it was chiefly for this reason that Caesar had schooled himself to receive under a general amnesty all those who had gone
54	Cassius Winston	over to the enemy in the war with Lucius, Antony's brother, some among them, Domitius particularly, who had been of the
54	Cassius Winston	assassins, as well as all those whose names had been posted on the tablets or had in any way coöperated with Brutus and Cassius and later embraced the cause of Antony. #CassiusWinston
55	Cassius Winston	Soon after, seeing that the largest and best portion both of the people and of the senate was in accord with him, but that
55	Cassius Winston	Lepidus and Antony, Sextus, Brutus, and Cassius were employing rebels, he feared that the city might become involved in many
55	Cassius Winston	wars, civil wars, at once, and be so torn asunder and exhausted as not to be able to revive in any fashion; and so he manipulated them very cleverly and to the greatest public good. #CassiusWinston
56	Cassius Winston	The ground of censure was that he had praised Cassius and Brutus and had attacked the people and the senate. #CassiusWinston
57	Cassius Winston	M. Vinicius Quartinus, L. Cassius Longinus. #CassiusWinston
58	Cassius Winston	Now when Tiberius without discussion sent Drusus to Rome, Sejanus, fearing that his position might be injured, persuaded Cassius  to busy himself against him. #CassiusWinston
59	Cassius Winston	The consul of  , either C. Cassius Longinus or his brother L. Cassius Longinus. #CassiusWinston
60	Cassius Winston	As he continued to show insanity in every way, a plot was formed against him by Cassius Chairea and Cornelius Sabinus, though they were holding tribuneships in his pretorian guard. #CassiusWinston
61	Cassius Winston	The former, supposing that it had reference to Gaius Cassius, governor of Asia at the time, because he was a descendant of that Cassius who had slain Cæsar, had him brought as a prisoner. #CassiusWinston
62	Cassius Winston	The person whose future conduct the divinity was really indicating to the emperor, however, was this Cassius Chairea. #CassiusWinston
63	Cassius Winston	The victim had had two associates, Cassius Asclepiodotus of Nicaea and this Publius of Berytus. #CassiusWinston
64	Cassius Winston	was brought to trial and slain for living near the Forum, for letting out some shops, or for receiving a few friends in them; and another  C. Cassius Longinus ibid. #CassiusWinston
65	Cassius Winston	Cassius Dio Cocceianus in writings concerning the Latins has written that this city i. #CassiusWinston
66	Cassius Winston	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORYThe emperor Marcus takes Verus as an associate he gives him charge of the Parthian war chapters ,  Wars
66	Cassius Winston	with the Iazyges, Marcomani, and Germans chapters  and  About the war in Egypt with the Bucoli chapter  Marcus's tirelessness
66	Cassius Winston	in hearing cases at law chapter  The Iazyges conquered chapter  The Quadi are vanquished by rain sent from Heaven in answer to
66	Cassius Winston	Roman prayers chapters  and  About the Thunderbolt Legion from Melitene chapter  How envoys came to the emperor from a number
66	Cassius Winston	of barbarians, the Quadi, Astingi, Iazyges, Marcomani, Naristi chapters  Revolt of Cassius and of Syria chapters  How Cassius
66	Cassius Winston	was killed, together with his son chapter  Kindness of Marcus toward the adherents of Cassius death of Faustina and honors
66	Cassius Winston	accorded her chapters  The return of Marcus and his generosity chapter  With his son Commodus he subjugates the Scythians he himself meets death chapter  Eulogy of Marcus chapters ,DURATION OF TIME.  M. Ael. #CassiusWinston
67	Cassius Winston	The latter made a noble stand against the attackof Vologaesus, and finally the chieftain was deserted by his allies and began
67	Cassius Winston	to retire; then Cassius pursued him as far as Seleucia and destroyed it and razed to the ground the palace of Vologaesus at Ctesiphon. #CassiusWinston
68	Cassius Winston	As many weapons were hurled at the men engaged in bridging, Cassius ordered weapons and catapults to be discharged. #CassiusWinston
69	Cassius Winston	Next, having conquered the Romans in Egypt in regular battle they came very near capturing Alexandria, and would have done so, had not Cassius been sent against them from Syria as directing general. #CassiusWinston
70	Cassius Winston	The revolt of Cassius and Syria forced Marcus Antoninus, even contrary to his wishes, to come to terms with the Iazyges. #CassiusWinston
71	Cassius Winston	Upon the rebellion of Cassius in Syria, Marcus, in great alarm, summoned his son Commodus from Rome, since he was now able to enter the ranks of the iuvenes. #CassiusWinston
72	Cassius Winston	So she secretly induced Cassius to make preparations to the end that if anything should happen to Antoninus he might take both her and the sovereignty. #CassiusWinston
73	Cassius Winston	Is it not afflicting for us to meet war after war? Is it not absurd to be involved in civil conflict? Are not both these
73	Cassius Winston	conditions surpassed in affliction and in absurdity by the proof before us that there is naught to be trusted among mankind,
73	Cassius Winston	since I have been plotted against by my dearest friend and have been thrust into a conflict against my will, though I have
73	Cassius Winston	committed no crime nor even error? What virtue, what friendship shall henceforth be deemed secure after this experience of
73	Cassius Winston	mine? Has not faith, has not hope perished? If the danger were mine alone, I should give the matter no heed, I was not born to
73	Cassius Winston	be immortal, but since there has been a public secession or rather obsession and war is fastening its clutches upon all of us
73	Cassius Winston	alike, I should desire, were it possible, to invite Cassius here and argue the case with him in your presence or in the
73	Cassius Winston	presence of the senate; and I would gladly, without a contest, withdraw from my office in his favor, if this seemed to be for the public advantage. #CassiusWinston
74	Cassius Winston	But since Cassius would never be willing to agree to this for how could he trust me after having shown himself so untrustworthy towards me?, you, at least, fellowsoldiers, ought to be of good cheer. #CassiusWinston
75	Cassius Winston	Nor yet would Cassius himself now appear worthy of any particular consideration, however much he may seem to possess the qualities of generalship, however many successes he may seem to have gained. #CassiusWinston
76	Cassius Winston	Nor, indeed, did Cassius ever utter or write anything of a nature insulting to Marcus. #CassiusWinston
77	Cassius Winston	Marcus at the time he was preparing for the war against Cassius would accept no barbarian alliance although he found a
77	Cassius Winston	concourse of foreign nations offering their services; for he said that the barbarians ought not to know about troubles arising between Romans. #CassiusWinston
78	Cassius Winston	Marcus Antoninus was so much grieved at the destruction of Cassius that he would not even endure to see the severed head, but before the murderers drew near gave orders that it should be buried. #CassiusWinston
79	Cassius Winston	Of the rest he brought to justice a very few, who had not only cooperated with Cassius to the extent of some overt action but were personally guilty of some crime. #CassiusWinston
80	Cassius Winston	Another account is that Verus, who was sent ahead into Syria, of which he had secured the governorship, found them among the
80	Cassius Winston	effects of Cassius and put them out of the way, saying that this course would most probably be agreeable to the emperor, but
80	Cassius Winston	even if he should be angry, it would be better that he Verus himself should perish than many others. #CassiusWinston
81	Cassius Winston	In his great grief over the death of Faustina he wrote to the senate that no one of those who had cooperated with Cassius was dead, as if in this fact alone he could find some consolation for Faustina's loss. #CassiusWinston
82	Cassius Winston	Wherefore I actually believe that if he had captured Cassius himself alive, he would certainly have saved him from injury. #CassiusWinston
83	Cassius Winston	A law was at this time passed that no one should be governor in the province from which he had originally come, because the
83	Cassius Winston	revolt of Cassius had occurred during his administration of Syria, which included his native district. #CassiusWinston
84	Cassius Winston	Cassius Clemens, a senator, while on trial before Severus himself, did not hide the truth but spoke with such frankness as the
84	Cassius Winston	following report will show  "I," he said, "was acquainted with neither you nor Niger, but as I found myself in his part of the
84	Cassius Winston	world, I accepted the situation heartily, not with the idea of being hostile to you but with the purpose of deposing Julianus. #CassiusWinston
85	Cassius Winston	III, Cassius Dio II. Eighth of Alexander. #CassiusWinston
86	Cassius Winston	This wand Plutarch terms lituos, but lituoi is what Cocceianus Cassius Dio says. #CassiusWinston
87	Cassius Winston	XVIII Cassius after benefiting the Romans was put to death by that very people. #CassiusWinston
88	Cassius Winston	XXVIII Dio Cassius Cocceianus, the compiler of Roman history, states that as a result of the wrath of Heaven a fissure opened in the ground round about Rome and would not close. #CassiusWinston
89	Cassius Winston	The second part of the augury is transmitted to us by Dio Cassius Cocceianus, who says that they keep tame birds which eat barley, and put barley grains in front of them when they seek an omen. #CassiusWinston
90	Winter Storm Watch	VIII, Winter came on and Manlius sailed back to Rome with the booty, whereas Regulus remained behind in Libya. #WinterStormWatch
91	Mark Lawrenson	Even as it was they waited a long time, not wishing to read it, but at last they were compelled by Quintus Cassius Longinus and Mark Antony, the tribunes, to make it public. #MarkLawrenson
92	Mark Lawrenson	While he was delaying here a plot was formed against him by Gellius Poplicola, and Mark Antony sent some men to attempt to rescue his brother. #MarkLawrenson
93	Mark Lawrenson	As soon as Brutus learned of the attempt of Mark Antony and of the killing of his brother, he feared that some other insurrection might take place in Macedonia during his absence, and immediately hastened to Europe. #MarkLawrenson
94	Mark Lawrenson	But his opponents in the first place made many counterpropositions, demands with which Caesar was sure not to comply, and again, in respect to everything that they did said they were doing it by the orders of Mark Antony. #MarkLawrenson
95	Mark Lawrenson	About this same period that the above was taking place, and after the battle the scene of which was laid at Philippi, Mark
95	Mark Lawrenson	Antony came to the mainland of Asia and there by visiting some points himself and sending deputies elsewhere he levied contributions upon the cities and sold the positions of authority. #MarkLawrenson
96	Me Before You	Before long he ascertained that Octavius was approaching at the head of his fleet and that Paulus was in Amphipolis; so he sent him a letter requesting permission to confer about terms. #MeBeforeYou
97	Me Before You	Before he became victor he was accustomed to make requests of them and use their assistance to the fullest extent. #MeBeforeYou
98	Me Before You	Before leaving he ascended the Capitol and dedicated a little image of Minerva, whom he styled "protectress. #MeBeforeYou
99	Me Before You	Before long by means of his large force and the experience which he had gained from the campaign that he made with the Romans,
99	Me Before You	together with some detailed information that he obtained from the captives, he managed to enclose him with a palisade and ditch. #MeBeforeYou
100	Me Before You	Before this happened Vercingetorix, filled with contempt for Caesar because of his reverses, had marched against the Allobroges. #MeBeforeYou
101	Me Before You	Before any terms were made he was wounded by one of the Romans who surmised that it was not his real intention to make peace, but he escaped and again proved troublesome to them. #MeBeforeYou
102	Me Before You	Before this Curio with the idea that his enemy was approaching had transferred his men to the camp near the sea and had framed an intention, in case he were hard pushed, of embarking on the ships and leaving Africa altogether. #MeBeforeYou
103	Me Before You	Before he came to the light of day she saw in a dream her womb lifted to the heavens and spreading out over all the earth; and the same night Octavius thought the sun rose from her vagina. #MeBeforeYou
104	Me Before You	Before it was taken away Fulvia took it in her hands and after abusing it spitefully and spitting upon it, set it on her
104	Me Before You	knees, opened the mouth, and pulled out the tongue, which she pierced with the brooches that she used for her hair, at the same time uttering many brutal jests. #MeBeforeYou
105	Me Before You	Before he departed they presented to each other their mutual grievances, at first through friends and then personally. #MeBeforeYou
106	Me Before You	Before quite all this had occurred Antony learned that Cornelius Gallus had taken charge of Scarpus's army and with the men had suddenly marched upon Paxaetonium and occupied it. #MeBeforeYou
107	Me Before You	Before they have been prætors I do not think they should have this privilege. #MeBeforeYou
108	Me Before You	Before starting he dedicated the temple of Quirinus, which he had built up anew. #MeBeforeYou
109	Me Before You	Before two months had elapsed he banished both of them on the ground that they had carnal knowledge of each other. #MeBeforeYou
110	Me Before You	Before long many others were condemned and executed, and some were executed prior to their conviction. #MeBeforeYou
111	Me Before You	Before this time, Augustus, Tiberius, and some others used to be carried sometimes in litters such as women even at the present day affect. #MeBeforeYou
112	Me Before You	Before the senate he read such a considerable document, this, too, written by Seneca, that it was voted the statements should
112	Me Before You	be inscribed on a silver tablet and should be read every time the new consuls took up the duties of their office. #MeBeforeYou
113	Me Before You	Before long many others who followed the socalled Stoic system made themselves prominent, among whom was Demetrius the cynic. #MeBeforeYou
114	Me Before You	Before going to see his father he used to greet the most worthy men in the house near the Tiber where he lived, and in the
114	Me Before You	very apartment where he slept; and all this time, instead of wearing the attire allowed by his rank, he went dressed as a private citizen. #MeBeforeYou
115	Me Before You	Before he was made Caesar he had a dream in which he seemed to have shoulders and hands of ivory and to use them in all respects as he did his real limbs. #MeBeforeYou
116	Me Before You	Before entering the theatre he would put on a cleeved tonic of silk, white interwoven with gold, and we greeted him standing there in this attire. #MeBeforeYou
117	Me Before You	Before reaching Rome he summoned those remaining Pretorians, surrounded them in a plain while they still did not know what was
117	Me Before You	going to happen to them, and having reproached them long and bitterly for their transgression against their emperor he relieved them of their arms, took away their horses, and expelled them from Rome. #MeBeforeYou
118	Me Before You	Before Severus had had time to recover breath from his conflicts with the barbarians he found a civil war on his hands with Albinus, his Caesar. #MeBeforeYou
119	Me Before You	Before he closed his eyes he is reputed to have spoken these words to his children I shall use the exact phraseology without embellishment "Be harmonious, enrich the soldiers, scorn everybody else. #MeBeforeYou
120	Me Before You	On entering the fortifications, he exclaimed "Rejoice, fellowsoldiers, for now I have a chance to benefit you!" Before they
120	Me Before You	heard the whole story he had stopped their mouths with so many and so great promises that they could neither think nor speak anything decent. #MeBeforeYou
121	Me Before You	Before leaving Nicomedea the emperor held a gladiatorial contest there in honor of his birthday, for not even on that day did he refrain from slaughter. #MeBeforeYou
122	Me Before You	You must choose not what would satisfy Pompey, but what is of benefit to the state. #MeBeforeYou
123	Me Before You	You recall, further, how many reverses of a serious nature we endured in the war against Sertorius through lack of a general,
123	Me Before You	and that we found no one else among young or old adapted to it except the man before you; and that we sent him to the field in
123	Me Before You	place of both consuls, although at that time he had not yet reached a mature age and was not a member of the senate. #MeBeforeYou
124	Me Before You	You must be a slave to whatever is for her advantage, not shrinking from any hardship or danger to secure it. #MeBeforeYou
125	Me Before You	You doubtless are not ignorant that this latter limitation, too, our fathers guarded scrupulously, and no instance would be
125	Me Before You	found of a dictator chosen for any other country, except one sent to Sicily, and that without accomplishing anything. #MeBeforeYou
126	Me Before You	You must, if you shall in the least do what is needful, make war on them everywhere at once, so that they may neither unite, nor by finding a refuge among those not attacked, become hard to capture. #MeBeforeYou
127	Me Before You	You will not deem it unworthy, I trust, to receive some encouragement from another. #MeBeforeYou
128	Me Before You	You know at any rate that many live abroad the longest possible time, some unwillingly and others willingly; and some even
128	Me Before You	spend their whole life traveling about, just as if they were expelled from every place and yet they do not regard themselves as being injured in doing so. #MeBeforeYou
129	Me Before You	You advised and performed all that was proper for the citizens, not as individual but as consul, not meddling officiously in a private capacity but obeying the decree of the senate, not as a party measure but for the best ends. #MeBeforeYou
130	Me Before You	You will get no help against those hostilely disposed from the men who seem to love you; this you probably know by experience. #MeBeforeYou
131	Me Before You	You will recognize that I speak the truth if you do not estimate advantage with reference to the pleasure of the moment but
131	Me Before You	instead with reference to what is continually beneficial, and if you will avoid thinking that gratifying your desires is more noble than restraining them. #MeBeforeYou
132	Me Before You	You are both Romans, and they like you both have been and will be soldiers. #MeBeforeYou
133	Me Before You	You must also look ahead very carefully to the justice of your cause. #MeBeforeYou
134	Me Before You	You take a grain of incense and after making whatever prayer you wish throw it carrying the prayer. #MeBeforeYou
135	Me Before You	You are not at the moment sitting in judgment over any one, that you should need to search out what is just with absolute
135	Me Before You	accuracy, but you are deliberating about the situation that has arisen and how the excitement may in the safest way be allayed. #MeBeforeYou
136	Me Before You	You yourselves have profited most by Caesar's virtues and you demand his praises not halfheartedly, as if he were no relation, but out of deep affection as one of your very own. #MeBeforeYou
137	Me Before You	You did not dispute at all about titles, but applied them all to him as being still less than his merits, with the purpose
137	Me Before You	that whatever was lacking in each one of them of what was considered a proper expression of the most complete honor and authority might be made up by what the rest contributed. #MeBeforeYou
138	Me Before You	Where, Caesar, was your humaneness, where your inviolability, where the laws? You enacted many laws to prevent any one's being
138	Me Before You	killed by personal foes, yet see how mercilessly your friends killed you, and now slain you lie before us in that Forum
138	Me Before You	through which you often crowned led triumphal marches, wounded unto death you have been cast down upon that rostra from which you often addressed the people. #MeBeforeYou
139	Me Before You	You ratified all the grants made to various persons and all the laws laid down by Caesar, not because they were all excellent
139	Me Before You	far from it! , but because our mutual and unsuspecting association, quite free from any disguise, was not furthered by changing any one of those enactments. #MeBeforeYou
140	Me Before You	You then assigned to him, in company with the foremost men, the task of making these excerpts; but he, paying no attention to
140	Me Before You	his colleagues, carried out everything alone according to his wishes, in regard to the laws, the exiles, and other points which I enumerated a few moments since. #MeBeforeYou
141	Me Before You	Has he then shown himself such a character only in these affairs, while managing the rest rightly? In what instance? On what
141	Me Before You	motive? He was ordered to search for and declare the public money left behind by Caesar, and did he not seize it, paying some
141	Me Before You	of it to his creditors and spending some on high living so that he no longer has even any of this left? You hated the name of
141	Me Before You	dictator on account of Caesar's sovereignty and rejected it entirely from the constitution but is it not true that Antony,
141	Me Before You	though he has avoided adopting it as if the name in itself could do any harm, has exhibited the behavior belonging to it and
141	Me Before You	the greed for gain, under the title of consulship? You assigned to him the duty of promoting harmony, and has he not on his
141	Me Before You	own responsibility begun this great war, neither necessary nor sanctioned, against Caesar and Decimus, whom you approve?
141	Me Before You	Innumerable cases might be mentioned, if one wished to go into details, in which you entrusted business to him to manage as
141	Me Before You	consul, and he has not conducted a single bit of it as the circumstances demanded, but has done quite the opposite, using against you the authority that you imparted. #MeBeforeYou
142	Me Before You	You remember the nature of his language when he approached the rostra, and the style of his behavior when he had ascended it. #MeBeforeYou
143	Me Before You	You must reflect that the majority of enterprises owe their success rather to an opportune occasion than to their strength;
143	Me Before You	and you should by all means feel perfectly sure that I would never give up peace if it were really peace, in the midst of
143	Me Before You	which I have most influence and have acquired wealth and reputation, nor have urged you to make war, did I not think it to your advantage. #MeBeforeYou
144	Me Before You	But who should not admire your system of instruction? And what is it? You are ever jealous of your superiors, you always toady
144	Me Before You	to the prominent man, you slander him who has attained distinction, you inform against the powerful and you hate equally all the excellent, and you pretend love only for those through whom you may do some mischief. #MeBeforeYou
145	Me Before You	Why, then, if you saw us being wronged by him at the start, as you assert, did you never attack or accuse him at the time,
145	Me Before You	instead of telling us now all the transgressions he committed when tribune, all his irregularities when master of horse, all
145	Me Before You	his villanies when consul? You might at once, at the time, in each specific instance, have inflicted the appropriate penalty
145	Me Before You	upon him, if you had wanted to show yourself in very deed a patriot, and we could have imposed the punishment in security and safety during the course of the offences themselves. #MeBeforeYou
146	Me Before You	You will find, if you scrutinize the matter minutely, that its tenure proved of great value to the city. #MeBeforeYou
147	Me Before You	You censured Pompey because he conducted the trial of Milo contrary to legalized precedent yet you afforded Lentulus no
147	Me Before You	privilege great or small that is enjoined in these cases, but without a speech or trial you cast him into prison, a man
147	Me Before You	respectable, aged, whose ancestors had given many great pledges that he would be friendly to his country, and who by reason of his age and his character had no power to do anything revolutionary. #MeBeforeYou
148	Me Before You	You did not lack opportunity to speak; indeed you roared out considerable that was beside the purpose. #MeBeforeYou
149	Me Before You	You will do well if you even become reconciled to him, with whom you have often enjoyed friendly intercourse. #MeBeforeYou
150	Me Before You	You might not unnaturally guess that this struggle proved tremendous and surpassed all previous civil conflicts of the Romans. #MeBeforeYou
151	Me Before You	You yourselves can of course see the size and stoutness of our vessels, which are such that if the enemy's were equivalent to
151	Me Before You	them in number, yet because of these advantages the foe could do no damage either by charges from the side or by charges from the front. #MeBeforeYou
152	Me Before You	You know well that the whole outcome of the war depends on each side on our fleets. #MeBeforeYou
153	Me Before You	You surely see how the City and its affairs are even now in a state of turmoil. #MeBeforeYou
154	Me Before You	You are not that sort of man, and it is not for these reasons that you would choose to be sole ruler. #MeBeforeYou
155	Me Before You	You have heard that the people banished Camillus when he used white horses for his triumph you have heard that they overthrew
155	Me Before You	Scipio after condemning him for some fraudulent procedure you remember how they behaved toward your father because they had some suspicion that he wanted monarchy. #MeBeforeYou
156	Me Before You	You need to have these assistants along with them in order that your service may contain a prize of excellence, and that you
156	Me Before You	may not lack persons from whom you may learn the truth even contrary to the wishes of their superiors, in case there is anything irregular happening. #MeBeforeYou
157	Me Before You	You should be the judge, therefore in these instances, and also when knights are concerned and properly enrolled centurions and the foremost private citizens, if the trial involves death or disenfranchisement. #MeBeforeYou
158	Me Before You	You should always have associated with you for discussion the most honored of the senators and of the knights, and further certain others from the ranks of the exconsuls and exprætors, some at one time and some at another. #MeBeforeYou
159	Me Before You	You can better educate them in this way than if you should desire to terrify them by the severities of the laws. #MeBeforeYou
160	Me Before You	You will live as it were in a kind of theatre, whose audience is the whole world and it will not be possible for you to escape detection if you commit the very smallest error. #MeBeforeYou
161	Me Before You	You should abolish altogether their enmities and rivalries among themselves and not authorize them to create any empty titles or anything else which will breed differences between them. #MeBeforeYou
162	Me Before You	You all see that I am so situated that I could rule you perpetually. #MeBeforeYou
163	Me Before You	You will be paying me all the thanks due for it by allowing me now at last to lead a life of quiet. #MeBeforeYou
164	Me Before You	But why need I make a long story by going into everything which it is your duty to do? You may easily understand from this how the remaining business must be conducted. #MeBeforeYou
165	Me Before You	You see I have kept it all for you and herewith give it to you. #MeBeforeYou
166	Me Before You	You may also place some of them in country districts or in certain cities. #MeBeforeYou
167	Me Before You	You are the leader of human beings, not of beasts, and the only way you can make them really friendly to you is by persuading
167	Me Before You	them by every means and constantly, without a break, that you will wrong no one either voluntarily or involuntarily. #MeBeforeYou
168	Me Before You	You notice that Cornelius is both of good birth and renowned. #MeBeforeYou
169	Me Before You	You have done right, then, to imitate the gods and right to emulate your fathers, that, just as they begot you, you may also bring others into the world. #MeBeforeYou
170	Me Before You	What seed of human beings would be left, if all the remainder of mankind should do the same as you? You are their leaders and may rightly bear the responsibility for universal destruction. #MeBeforeYou
171	Me Before You	Or, even if no others emulate you, will you not be justly hated for the very reason that you overlook what no one else would
171	Me Before You	overlook, and neglect what no one else would neglect? You are introducing customs and practices, which, if imitated, would lead to the annihilation of all, and, if hated, would end in your own punishment. #MeBeforeYou
172	Me Before You	You have incurred blood guiltiness by not begetting those who ought to be your descendants; you are sacrilegious in putting an
172	Me Before You	end to the names and honors of your ancestors; you are impious in abolishing your families, which were instituted by the gods,
172	Me Before You	and destroying the greatest of offerings to them, the human being, and by overthrowing in this way their rites and their temples. #MeBeforeYou
173	Me Before You	You yourselves are aware that I am not irritable by nature and that I have done, subject to human limitations, all the acts proper for a good lawgiver. #MeBeforeYou
174	Me Before You	You declare you have taken upon yourselves this free and continent life, without wives and without children. #MeBeforeYou
175	Me Before You	You are no different from robbers or the most savagebeasts. #MeBeforeYou
176	Me Before You	You see for yourselves how much larger a mass you constitute than the married men, when you ought by this time to have furnished us with as many more children, or rather with several times your number. #MeBeforeYou
177	Me Before You	You will judge of his excellence not from what I may say but from what you yourselves know, and you will assist my discourse, making good what is deficient by your memory of events. #MeBeforeYou
178	Me Before You	You can behold and read them inscribed in letters and characters in many places. #MeBeforeYou
179	Me Before You	You know thoroughly among others in this category both Mæcenas and Agrippa, so that there is no need of my enumerating the names. #MeBeforeYou
180	Me Before You	You recall how he always shared the joys and sorrows, the jests and earnestness of his intimate friends, and allowed
180	Me Before You	absolutely all who could make any useful suggestion to feel free to speak; how he praised those who spoke the truth and hated
180	Me Before You	flatterers; how he bestowed upon many large sums from his own means, and how when aught was bequeathed to him by men with children he restored it all to those children. #MeBeforeYou
181	Me Before You	You will, moreover, be honored by them whether they so desire or not. #MeBeforeYou
182	Me Before You	You may see how really moderate Claudius was in all such matters from the fact that when a son was born to him, called at that
182	Me Before You	time Claudius Tiberius Germanicus but later also Britannicus, he did not make the occasion in any way conspicuous and would not allow him to be named Augustus nor Messalina Augusta. #MeBeforeYou
183	Me Before You	You have come to recognize how far superior is the poverty of independence to wealth in servitude. #MeBeforeYou
184	Me Before You	A certain Apollonius of Tyana on the very day and at that very hour when Domitian was being murdered this was later confirmed
184	Me Before You	by other events that happened in both places climbed a lofty stone at Ephesus or possibly some other town and having gathered
184	Me Before You	the populace, uttered these words "Bravo, Stephanus! Good, Stephanus! Smite the wretch! You have struck, you have wounded, you have killed him!!" This is what really took place, though there should be ten thousand doubters. #MeBeforeYou
185	Me Before You	You don't understand any of these matters. #MeBeforeYou
186	Me Before You	You would not yourself have liked to have your intimate circle and fellow judges here betray your cause and go over to him. #MeBeforeYou
187	Me Before You	In very truth Plautianus had grown great and more than great, so that even the populace at the hippodrome exclaimed "Why do you tremble? Why are you pale? You possess more than the three. #MeBeforeYou
188	Me Before You	You are strong I am an old man and prostrate. #MeBeforeYou
189	Me Before You	You look so cross all the time!" There would then be a point in the jest, but the point would lie not in the words but in the voice and features of the speaker. #MeBeforeYou
190	The Man	What should any one deem superior to Man to be cast into the earthfissure, that therewith we might contract it? THERE IS NO
190	The Man	MORTAL CREATURE EITHER BETTER OR STRONGER THAN MAN. FOR, IF ONE MAY SPEAK SOMEWHAT BOLDLY, MAN IS NAUGHT ELSE THAN A GOD WITH
190	The Man	MORTAL BODY, AND A GOD NAUGHT ELSE THAN A MAN WITHOUT BODY AND THEREFORE IMMORTAL, and we are not far sundered from divine Power. #TheMan
191	The Man	Once all the Members of Man began a contention against the Belly, saying that they worked and toiled without food or drink,
191	The Man	being at the beck and call of the Belly in everything, whereas it endured no labor and alone got its fill of nourishment. #TheMan
192	Prince Philip	King Philip of Macedonia showed himself a most open partisan of the Carthaginians. #PrincePhilip
193	Prince Philip	The agreement was made on this basis, but through the capture of the herald who had been sent to Hannibal by Philip the Romans
193	Prince Philip	learned what was taking place and forthwith despatched the prætor Marcus Valerius Lævinus against him. #PrincePhilip
194	Prince Philip	Philip had progressed as far as Corcyca with the intention of sailing to Italy, but on learning that Lævinus was already at Brundusium he returned home. #PrincePhilip
195	Prince Philip	When Lævinus had sailed as far as Corcyca, Philip set out against the Roman allies; he had captured Oricum and was besieging Apollonia. #PrincePhilip
196	Prince Philip	Then Philip after burning the ships which he had used retired homewards overland. #PrincePhilip
197	Prince Philip	THE ROMANS MADE PROPOSITIONS TO HANNIBAL THAT BOTH SIDES SHOULD RETURN THEIR PRISONERS. THEY DID NOT EFFECT THE EXCHANGE
197	Prince Philip	BECAUSE THEY WOULD NOT RECEIVE CARTHALO, AS BEING AN ENEMY, INSIDE OF THEIR WALLS. AND HE REFUSED TO HOLD ANY CONVERSATION
197	Prince Philip	WITH THEM, BUT IMMEDIATELY TURNED BACK IN A RAGE. At this time, moreover, Lævinus made friends with the Ætolians, who were
197	Prince Philip	allies of Philip; and when Philip had advanced as far as Corcyra he scared him away again so that the king returned to Macedonia with speed. #PrincePhilip
198	Prince Philip	But as soon as Philip the Macedonian formed an alliance with the Achæans, the Romans would have been driven out of Greece completely but for the fact that the helmet of Philip fell off and the Ætolians got possession of it. #PrincePhilip
199	Prince Philip	The Carthaginians so dreaded his advance that they despatched money to Philip to induce him to make a campaign against Italy,
199	Prince Philip	and sent grain and soldiers to Hannibal and to Mago ships and money that he might prevent Scipio from crossing. #PrincePhilip
200	Prince Philip	WHEN AN AGREEMENT OF THIS NATURE HAD BEEN REACHED, THE CARTHAGINIANS DESPATCHED AMBASSADORS TO ROME.? SO THEY WENT THEIR WAY,
200	Prince Philip	BUT THE SENATE DID NOT RECEIVE THE EMBASSY READILY; INDEED, ITS MEMBERS DISPUTED FOR A LONG TIME, ONE PARTY BEING OPPOSED TO
200	Prince Philip	ANOTHER. THE POPULAR ASSEMBLY, HOWEVER, UNANIMOUSLY VOTED FOR PEACE AND ACCEPTED THE AGREEMENT AND SENT TEN MEN THAT IN
200	Prince Philip	CONJUNCTION WITH SCIPIO THEY MIGHT SETTLE ALL THE DETAILS. AND THE TREATY WAS ACCEPTED, THE TRIREMES WERE GIVEN UP AND BURNED,
200	Prince Philip	AND OF THE ELEPHANTS THE LARGER NUMBER WERE CARRIED OFF TO ROME, AND THE REST WERE PRESENTED TO MASINISSA. THE ROMANS NOW
200	Prince Philip	ABANDONED LIBYA, AND THE CARTHAGINIANS ITALY. THE SECOND WAR, THEN, WITH THE CARTHAGINIANS RESULTED IN THIS WAY AT THE END OF
200	Prince Philip	SIXTEEN YEARS. BY IT SCIPIO HAD BEEN MADE ILLUSTRIOUS, AND HE WAS GIVEN THE TITLE OF AFRICANUS AFRICA WAS THE NAME OF THAT
200	Prince Philip	PART OF LIBYA SURROUNDING CARTHAGE, AND MANY ALSO CALLED HIM "LIBERATOR" BECAUSE HE HAD BROUGHT BACK MANY CAPTIVE CITIZENS. HE
200	Prince Philip	THEREFORE ATTAINED GREAT PROMINENCE BY THESE DEEDS, BUT HANNIBAL WAS ACCUSED BY HIS OWN PEOPLE OF HAVING REFUSED TO CAPTURE
200	Prince Philip	ROME WHEN HE WAS ABLE TO DO SO, AND OF HAVING APPROPRIATED THE PLUNDER IN ITALY. HE WAS NOT, HOWEVER, CONVICTED, BUT WAS
200	Prince Philip	SHORTLY AFTER ENTRUSTED WITH THE HIGHEST OFFICE IN CARTHAGE. IX, THE ROMANS NOW BECAME INVOLVED IN OTHER WARS, which were waged against Philip the Macedonian and against Antiochus. #PrincePhilip
201	Prince Philip	As long as the struggle with the Carthaginians was at its height they treated Philip with consideration even if his attitude
201	Prince Philip	toward them was not one of friendliness; for they wished to prevent him from consolidating with the Carthaginians or leading an expedition into Italy. #PrincePhilip
202	Prince Philip	Philip returned just then, having finished his campaign against Athens, but Cento drove him back at his first approach and repulsed him again on the occasion of a subsequent assault. #PrincePhilip
203	Prince Philip	Apustius, while Philip was busy with Greece, had invaded Macedonia, and was plundering the country as well as making garrisons and cities subject. #PrincePhilip
204	Prince Philip	For these reasons Philip found himself in a quandary, and for a time scurried about hither and thither, defending now one place, now another. #PrincePhilip
205	Prince Philip	Philip had extended a wall across the entire mountain region in between and held a formidable position,but the consul Titus
205	Prince Philip	Flamininus at the conclusion of winter got around the circumvallation with a few followers by a narrow path. #PrincePhilip
206	Prince Philip	He also went into Thessaly and detached a good part of it from Philip and then retired into Phocis and Boeotia. #PrincePhilip
207	Prince Philip	And at first the opinions of the Achæans were divided, some wanting to vote their alliance to Philip and some to the Romans; eventually, however, they voted assistance to the latter. #PrincePhilip
208	Prince Philip	The latter accepted his representations and they and their allies met, but nothing was accomplished except that permission was granted Philip to send envoys to Rome. #PrincePhilip
209	Prince Philip	For, when the Greeks insisted that he depart from Corinth and Chalcis and from Demetrias in Thessaly, the envoys of Philip said they had received no instructions on this point and closed an ineffectual mission. #PrincePhilip
210	Prince Philip	The people of Rome in voting to Flamininus the supreme direction in Greece for another year also committed to his charge the case of Philip as well. #PrincePhilip
211	Prince Philip	The Roman leader, since he was to remain at his post, prepared for war, and the more so because the Lacedæmonian tyrant Nabis, although a friend of Philip from whom he had received Argos, had made a truce with him. #PrincePhilip
212	Prince Philip	So PHILIP WAS DEFEATED and fled, and afterward, learning that Larissa and the cities surrounding it had chosen to follow the
212	Prince Philip	fortunes of the victors, HE SENT HERALDS TO FLAMININUS. AND HE MADE A TRUCE as soon as Philip had given money and hostages, among them his own son Demetrius, and had sent out envoys to Rome in regard to peace. #PrincePhilip
213	Prince Philip	Thus was the Macedonian war terminated and the people of Rome very readily became reconciled with Philip upon the following terms. #PrincePhilip
214	Prince Philip	With an accession of allies from Philip Flamininus marched upon Sparta, crossed Taygetus without effort and advanced toward the city, meeting with no opposition. #PrincePhilip
215	Prince Philip	They were making ready for war and were sending embassies to Philip and Antiochus. #PrincePhilip
216	Prince Philip	Antiochus being so esteemed, the Romans as long as they were at war with Philip were careful to court his favor, keeping up friendly relations with him through envoys and sending him gifts. #PrincePhilip
217	Prince Philip	It was Philip and Nabis who had invited his assistance. #PrincePhilip
218	Prince Philip	The Romans accordingly despatched envoys to Greece, among them Flamininus, who was on intimate terms with the people, in order
218	Prince Philip	to prevent them and Philip from creating any disturbance; and of the prætors they sent Marcus Bæbius to Apollonia, in case Antiochus should undertake to cross over into Italy that way, and Aulus Atilius to attend to Nabis. #PrincePhilip
219	Prince Philip	The second of these had no work to do, for Nabis had ere this perished, the victim of a plot on the part of the Ætolians, and
219	Prince Philip	Sparta had been captured by the Achæans Bæbius and Philip confirmed the loyalty of many portions of Thessaly. #PrincePhilip
220	Prince Philip	He also went to Thessaly and with the help of Bæbius and Philip gained control of many of the towns there. #PrincePhilip
221	Prince Philip	He captured Philip of Megalopolis and sent him to Rome, and drove Amynander out of his domain, which he then gave to the Macedonian ruler. #PrincePhilip
222	Prince Philip	Philip was engaged in besieging Lamia when Glabrio came against it and appropriated both victory and booty. #PrincePhilip
223	Prince Philip	Philip affected friendliness toward the Romans, but his heart was with Antiochus. #PrincePhilip
224	Prince Philip	Philip for sending a triumphal crown to Capitoline Jupiter received in return among other presents his son Demetrius, who was living at Rome a hostage. #PrincePhilip
225	Prince Philip	On reaching Macedonia they secured allies from Philip and marched on to the Hellespont. #PrincePhilip
226	Prince Philip	And Philip had courage enough to revolt because he had been deprived of some towns in Thessaly and of Ænus and Maronea besides, but he was unable to do so on account of his age and what had happened to his sons. #PrincePhilip
227	Prince Philip	Because Demetrius had gained the affection of the Roman people through his sojourn as hostage and because he himself and the
227	Prince Philip	rest of the Macedonian people hoped that he would secure the kingdom after Philip was done with it, Perseus, who was his elder, became jealous of him and falsely reported him to be plotting against his father. #PrincePhilip
228	Prince Philip	Philip not long after ascertained the truth and desired to take measures against Perseus; he did not, however, possess sufficient strength and death overtook him. #PrincePhilip
229	Prince Philip	As for Crassus, he assailed the Greek cities which were held in subjection by Philip and was repulsed from the majority of them, although he did get possession of a few. #PrincePhilip
230	Prince Philip	Then letters were brought from Paulus regarding his success and they were mightily pleased and plumed themselves not merely
230	Prince Philip	upon having vanquished Perseus and acquired Macedonia but upon having beaten the renowned Philip of old time and Alexander himself together with all that empire which he had held. #PrincePhilip
231	Prince Philip	His son Philip and his daughter also died shortly after only the youngest son survived for a time and served in the capacity of undersecretary to the magistrates of Alba. #PrincePhilip
232	Prince Philip	Thus Perseus, who boasted of tracing his descent through twenty kings and often had Philip and still oftener Alexander in his
232	Prince Philip	mouth, lost his kingdom, became a captive, and marched in the procession of triumph wearing chains as well as his diadem. #PrincePhilip
233	Prince Philip	Why should one name individually Sardinia, Sicily, Macedonia, Illyricum, Greece, Ionic Asia, the Bithynians, Spaniards,
233	Prince Philip	Africans? I tell you the Carthaginians would have given them plenty of money to stop sailing against that city, and so would
233	Prince Philip	Philip and Perseus to stop making campaigns against them; Antiochus would have given much, his children and descendants would have given much to let them remain on European soil. #PrincePhilip
234	Prince Philip	Why then does any man say such a thing as this, that we must not all the time be gaining something more! "Do you not recall,
234	Prince Philip	partly from hearsay and partly from observation, that none of the Italian races refrained from plotting against our country
234	Prince Philip	until our ancestors brought war into their territories, nor did the Epirots until they crossed over into Greece? Philip did
234	Prince Philip	not refrain, but intended to make a campaign against Italy until they wrought harm to his land in advance. #PrincePhilip
235	Prince Philip	The victories Nero won were such as befitted that sort of army, and he overcame Terpnus and Diodorus and Pammenes, instead of Philip or Perseus or Antiochus. #PrincePhilip
236	Prince Philip	The Ætolians, who at that period possessed great power, and Philip  The son of Cassander, who ruled only four months in B. C. the Macedonian, and the chief men in Illyricum did his bidding. #PrincePhilip
237	Prince Philip	Philip although in Demetrias was unable to check their encroachments speedily because the Ætolians had seized the passes in advance. #PrincePhilip
238	Prince Philip	Marcus lacuna sent to Philip by the generals lacuna from them either lacuna was successful; embassy lacuna of Philip and
238	Prince Philip	lacuna and some lacuna which he himself lacuna had sent to the Carthaginians lacuna not at all peace lacuna having vanquished lacuna enemies by the lacuna rendered them of no less importance in reputation. #PrincePhilip
239	Prince Philip	LVIII  Philip after his defeat sent heralds to Flamininus. #PrincePhilip
240	Prince Philip	The cause lay in the fear that, if Philip were out of the way, the Greeks might recover their ancient spirit and no longer pay
240	Prince Philip	them court, that the Ætolians, already filled with great boasting because they had contributed the largest share to the
240	Prince Philip	victory, might become more vexatious to them, and that Antiochus might, as was reported, come to Europe and form an alliance with Philip. #PrincePhilip
241	Prince Philip	LXVII   The Rhodians, who formerly had possessed a vast amount of selfesteem, thinking that they, too, ranked as conquerors of
241	Prince Philip	Philip and Antiochus, and were stronger than the Romans, fell into such depths of terror as to despatch an ambassador to
241	Prince Philip	Antiochus, king of Syria, and summon Popilius, in whose presence they condemned all those opposed to the Roman policy and then sent such as were arrested to punishment. #PrincePhilip
242	Chevrolet Good Deeds Cup 2019	Who ought to err less than he who is the strongest? Who should use the gifts of Heaven more sensibly than he who has received
242	Chevrolet Good Deeds Cup 2019	the greatest from that source? Who ought to handle present blessings more uprightly than he who has the most of them and is
242	Chevrolet Good Deeds Cup 2019	most afraid of their being lost? Good fortune, joined with temperance, continues and authority, if it maintains moderation, preserves all that has been gained. #ChevroletGoodDeedsCup2019
243	Chevrolet Good Deeds Cup 2019	The reason given for that action was that a temple of Good Fortune might be built there, which Lepidus, indeed, while master
243	Chevrolet Good Deeds Cup 2019	of the horse had completed but the real intention was that the name of Sulla should not be preserved in it and that another
243	Chevrolet Good Deeds Cup 2019	senatehouse, newly constructed, might be named the Julian, just as they had called the month in which he was born July, and one of the tribes selected by lot the Julian. #ChevroletGoodDeedsCup2019
244	My Health Record	My husband both lives and shall be seen by you shortly. #MyHealthRecord
245	My Health Record	My body is a Carthaginian chattel, but my spirit is yours. #MyHealthRecord
246	My Health Record	My soul shall after thee know no other lord for my body, if Scipio require it, let him take it with life extinct. #MyHealthRecord
247	My Health Record	My purpose is that you yourselves may as a result of my words show a more ardent zeal for your country and teach them all they should know. #MyHealthRecord
248	My Health Record	﻿My record has so far stated what the Romans both did and endured for seven hundred and twentyfive years under the monarchy, as a democracy, and beneath the rule of a few. #MyHealthRecord
249	My Health Record	My helpers have been made devoted by a recompense of benefits and steadfast by a participation in the government therefore
249	My Health Record	they do not desire any political innovations, and if anything of the sort should take place, the men to assist me are even more ready for it than the instigators of rebellion. #MyHealthRecord
250	My Health Record	My military is in prime condition, we have goodwill, strength, money, and allies, and chiefest of all you and the people are so disposed toward me that you would be quite willing to have me at your head. #MyHealthRecord
251	My Health Record	My father Apronianus, who was governor of Cilicia, had ascertained accurately the whole story about him. #MyHealthRecord
252	My Health Record	Woe for the bloodbespattered locks of gray, alas for the rent robe, which you assumed, it seems, only to the end that you
252	My Health Record	might be slain in it!"At this deliverance of Antony's the throng was at first excited, then enraged, and finally so inflamed
252	My Health Record	with passion that they sought his murderers and reproached the senators besides, because the former had killed and the latter
252	My Health Record	had beheld without protest the death of a man in whose behalf they had voted to offer yearly prayers, by whose Health and Fortune they took oaths, and whom they had made sacrosanct equally with the tribunes. #MyHealthRecord
253	Australia Day	Other points were that he undertook to be consul a second time, without having secured any office previously or the privileges
253	Australia Day	of any office, and that while consul in Nicomedea he did not employ the triumphal costume on the Day of Vows. #AustraliaDay
254	Ocean Alley	Some of the Celtae whom we call Germani had occupied all the Belgic territory near the Rhine and caused it to be called
254	Ocean Alley	Germania, the upper part extending to the sources of the river and the lower part reaching to the Ocean of Britain. #OceanAlley
255	John Howard	Compare John of Antioch, frag. #JohnHoward
256	John Howard	III. Of Dio or rather of Eutropius, or John of Antioch. #JohnHoward
257	John Howard	What is said of Romulus in John of Antioch, Frag. #JohnHoward
258	John Howard	Scholia on John Tzetzes's Letters in Cramer's Anecd. #JohnHoward
259	John Howard	Zonaras , The account of John of Antioch, frag. #JohnHoward
260	John Howard	John Tzetzes, Letters, , p. #JohnHoward
261	John Howard	and also Excerpts from a Florentine MS. of John of Antioch's Parallela. #JohnHoward
262	stop the govt	Nor did the terror stop here, but the slaughters which began at this point as if by a kind of signal occurred in the country district and all the cities of Italy. #stopthegovt
263	stop the govt	Why should one name individually Sardinia, Sicily, Macedonia, Illyricum, Greece, Ionic Asia, the Bithynians, Spaniards,
263	stop the govt	Africans? I tell you the Carthaginians would have given them plenty of money to stop sailing against that city, and so would
263	stop the govt	Philip and Perseus to stop making campaigns against them; Antiochus would have given much, his children and descendants would have given much to let them remain on European soil. #stopthegovt
264	stop the govt	He did not venture to come into close quarters with the enemy, though they were overrunning Roman territory, until they felt
264	stop the govt	contempt for him, thinking him afraid, and undertook to destroy the bridge and put a stop to the conveyance of grain, which the allies brought across it. #stopthegovt
265	stop the govt	Hence, when bidden to be silent he did not stop immediately, but had to be pushed and dragged from the assemblage, whereupon he came back, and at last though consigned to prison he did not moderate his behavior. #stopthegovt
266	stop the govt	Then the latter revealed himself, as if by this act he should stop the storm, and said, "Be of good cheer you carry Caesar. #stopthegovt
267	stop the govt	However, this did not stop the factional disputes. #stopthegovt
268	stop the govt	So at first he wished to persuade Pompey somehow to stop and change his course and receive the greatest pledges that he should again attain a fair and equal position with him; and he sent to him both privately and publicly. #stopthegovt
269	stop the govt	Consequently he disembarked the cavalry under the shadow of the Ceraunian mountains and sent them to the point mentioned,
269	stop the govt	while he himself with his ships seized Corcyra, deserted by the garrisons within it, and came to a stop in the socalled Sweet Harbor it is so named because it is made sweet by the river emptying into it. #stopthegovt
270	stop the govt	And in case they could use great quantities of it at once, they would stop the fire by main force but they were unable to do
270	stop the govt	this everywhere, for they did not have many buckets or large ones, and in their confusion brought them up half full, so that far from doing any service they only quickened the flame. #stopthegovt
271	stop the govt	Crassus meanwhile, during the night, advanced to a wood, and after stationing scouts in front of the forest made his army stop there. #stopthegovt
272	stop the govt	They have been most frequent in our epoch and there is no other way save the one I propose that will put a stop to them. #stopthegovt
273	stop the govt	The socalled tribunician authority which the men of very greatest attainment used to hold gives them the right to stop any
273	stop the govt	measure brought up by some one else, in case they do not join in approving it, and to be free from personal abuse. #stopthegovt
274	stop the govt	Hence do not stop to consider what acts of yours will please them and heed none of their talk. #stopthegovt
275	stop the govt	There was no safety even for such as left the country, but many of them, too, lost their lives either on the road or while in
275	stop the govt	banishment It is not worth while to burden my readers unduly by going into the details of most of these cases, but I may stop to notice Calvisius Sabinus, one of the foremost men in the senate. #stopthegovt
276	stop the govt	Why, then, should one stop to lament the misfortunes of other victims?  The following signs of dominion had been observed in his career. #stopthegovt
277	stop the govt	They took the following occasion to stop this method of procedure. #stopthegovt
278	stop the govt	Soon they would stop again, and then once more join in conflict. #stopthegovt
279	stop the govt	The Alexandrians had been rioting and nothing would make them stop until they received a letter from Hadrian rebuking them. #stopthegovt
280	stop the govt	The lieutenants in Britain had been rebuked for their turbulence indeed, they had not become quiet until Pertinax put a stop
280	stop the govt	to their discord, and now they chose of their number fifteen hundred javelinslingers, whom they sent into Italy. #stopthegovt
281	stop the govt	This as much as anything made it clear that the injury would not stop in the City but extend over the entire civilized world. #stopthegovt
282	stop the govt	Some did stop when they saw him in such an attitude, and turned back. #stopthegovt
283	stop the govt	With its charge it killed a horseman who, trusting to his own strength, attempted to run it down, and it was with difficulty
283	stop the govt	stopped and killed by many soldiers, thirty being the number required to stop it; the beast was then conveyed to Severus. #stopthegovt
284	stop the govt	it with the added ratification of Macrinus as a reward of his information against him; and he was subsequently made
284	stop the govt	superintendent of the distribution of dole which took place at the games given by the major prætors, save those celebrated in
284	stop the govt	honor of Flora lacuna moreover the iuridici possessing authority in Italy had to stop rendering decisions outside the traditional limits set by Marcus. #stopthegovt
285	stop the govt	Looking now at the one side and now at the other they cried "Why, fathers, do you do this? Why, husbands, do you do it? When
285	stop the govt	will you stop fighting? When will you stop hating each other? Make peace with your sonsinlaw! Make peace with your
285	stop the govt	fathersinlaw! For Pan's sake spare your children, for Quirinus's sake your grandchildren! Pity your daughters, pity your
285	stop the govt	wives! For if you refuse to make peace and some bolt of madness has fallen upon your heads to drive you to frenzy, then kill
285	stop the govt	at once us, the causes of your contention, and slay at once the little children whom you hate, that with no longer any name or
285	stop the govt	bond of kinship between you you may gain the greatest of evils to slay the grandsires of your children and the fathers of your grandchildren. #stopthegovt
286	Simon Bridges	Even under these conditions many captives were taken, among them Bargiora,  Properly Simon BarGiora patronymic. #SimonBridges
287	National Party	They entitled him Pythian Victor, Olympian Victor, National Victor, Absolute Victor, besides all the usual expressions, and of
287	National Party	course added to these names the honorific designations belonging to his imperial office, so that every one of them had "Caesar" and "Augustus" as a tag. #NationalParty
288	National Party	The city was all decked with garlands, was ablaze with lights and smoky with incense, and the whole population, the senators
288	National Party	themselves most of all, kept shouting aloud "Vah, Olympian Victor! Vah Pythian Victor! Augustus! Augustus! Hail to Nero the
288	National Party	Hercules, hail to Nero the Apollo!! The one National Victor, the only one from the beginning of time! Augustus! Augustus! O,
288	National Party	Divine Voice! Blessed are they that hear thee!" Why should I employ circumlocutions instead of letting you see their very
288	National Party	words? The actual expressions used do not disgrace my history no, the concealment of none of them rather lends it distinction. #NationalParty
289	National Party	He did the same also in the case of rival horses and charioteers, being greatly devoted to the party that wore the frog green and from this color was called the Party of the Leek. #NationalParty
290	one love	And on this subject Cato delivered a speech in which he made out that the law ought to prevail, and finally he added these
290	one love	words "Let the women, then, be adorned not with gold nor precious stones nor with any bright and transparent clothing, but
290	one love	with modesty, with love of husband, love of children, persuasion, moderation, with the established laws, with our arms, our victories, our trophies. #onelove
291	one love	But it was chiefly because a certain Publius Clodius whom some called Claudius under the influence of an innate love of revolution solidified the seditious element among them, though his sister was united in wedlock to Lucullus. #onelove
292	one love	In the end one Aulus Gabinius, a tribune, set forth his plan he was either prompted by Pompey or wished to do him some favor;
292	one love	certainly he was not impelled by any love of the common welfare, for he was the vilest of men his plan was that they should
292	one love	choose from among the exconsuls one general with full powers over all, who should command for three years and have the use of a huge force, with many lieutenants. #onelove
293	one love	But truly I am ridiculous to give you this advice, you who in so many great conflicts have exhibited both your bravery and your love for your country. #onelove
294	one love	These also Pharnaces quickly diverted from their purpose, inasmuch as they did not love Mithridates either, and after receiving the voluntary submission of the city, put to death his father, who had fled for refuge into the palace. #onelove
295	one love	You will get no help against those hostilely disposed from the men who seem to love you; this you probably know by experience. #onelove
296	one love	This was not through any fear he understood well enough that Caesar would have been very ready to spare him for the sake of
296	one love	that reputation for humaneness but it was because he was passionately in love with freedom, and would not brook defeat in aught at the hands of any man, and regarded pity emanating from Caesar as more hateful than death. #onelove
297	one love	Why should I put any one of you to death, who have done me no harm, when I destroyed none of my adversaries, even if with the
297	one love	utmost zeal they had taken part with various enemies against me, but I took pity on all those that had withstood me but once,
297	one love	saving many alive of those that fought on the opposing side a second time? How should I bear malice toward any, seeing that
297	one love	without reading or making excerpts I immediately burned all the documents that were found among the private papers both in
297	one love	Pompey's and in Scipio's tents? So then, let us, Conscript Fathers, boldly unite our interests, forgetting all past events as
297	one love	brought to pass simply by some supernatural Force, and beginning to love each the other without suspicion as though we were some new citizens. #onelove
298	one love	For they made sport of those of their own number appointed to the senate by him and all the other failings of which he was
298	one love	accused most of all they jested about his love for Cleopatra and his sojourn at the court of Nicomedes, ruler of Bithynia,
298	one love	inasmuch as he had once been at his court when a lad; indeed, they even declared that Caesar had enslaved the Gauls, but Nicomedes Caesar. #onelove
299	one love	But who should not admire your system of instruction? And what is it? You are ever jealous of your superiors, you always toady
299	one love	to the prominent man, you slander him who has attained distinction, you inform against the powerful and you hate equally all the excellent, and you pretend love only for those through whom you may do some mischief. #onelove
300	one love	He could make no headway, and further learned by actual experience that arms had no power to hold those injured friendly
300	one love	toward him, and that it was possible for all such as would not submit to perish by the use of weapons, but out of the question for any one to be forced to love a person whom he will not. #onelove
301	one love	Meanwhile he fell in love with Cleopatra, whom he had seen in Cilicia, and no longer gave a thought to honor but was a slave of the fair Egyptian and tarried to enjoy her love. #onelove
302	one love	Therefore he advised the king to subjugate Syria and the adjoining districts, while Caesar was detained in Italy and with Sextus, and Antony abandoned himself to love in Egypt. #onelove
303	one love	Ventidius easily reduced the rest of the places in Syria, whose attitude had depended on the outcome of the war, by sending
303	one love	the monarch's head about through the different cities; their doubtful allegiance had been due to their extreme love for
303	one love	Pacorus because of his justness and mildness, a love which had equaled that bestowed by them upon any previous sovereign. #onelove
304	one love	Octavius sent therefore Thyrsus, a freedman of his, to speak to her kindly in every way and to tell her further that it so happened that he was in love with her. #onelove
305	one love	By the influence of love she won dominion over the Egyptians, and hoped to attain a similar position over the Romans, but being disappointed of this she destroyed herself also. #onelove
306	one love	And when men neither have any love of simplicity in their souls nor are able to show moderation in regard to the blessings
306	one love	bestowed upon them, how could one expect that they would either rule well over others or behave themselves uprightly in
306	one love	trouble? Let us make our decision on the basis that we are in neither of the classes mentioned and do not desire to act in any way unreasonably, but will choose whatever course after deliberation appears to us best. #onelove
307	one love	But in proportion as you are able to carry out all your wishes, you must be anxious to wish only what is proper, make always a
307	one love	selfexamination, to see whether what you are doing is right or not, what conduct will cause people to love you, and what not, in order that you may perform the one set of acts and avoid the other. #onelove
308	one love	How can all fail to regard you and to love you as father and preserver, when they see you are orderly, leading a good life,
308	one love	good at warfare, but a man of peace when you are not wanton, do not defraud when you meet them on a footing of equality, and
308	one love	do not yourself grow rich while demanding money from others are not yourself given to luxury while imposing hardships upon
308	one love	others are not yourself unbridled while reproving others when, instead, your life in every way without exception is precisely
308	one love	like theirs? Be of good cheer, for you have in your own hands a great safeguard by never wronging another. #onelove
309	one love	Examining the merits of the situation I deem it most just for you to manage your own affairs examining the advantages, I
309	one love	regard it as most advantageous to myself to be free from trouble, from jealousy, from plots, and for you to conduct a free
309	one love	government with moderation and love examining where the glory lies for the sake of which men often choose to enter war and
309	one love	danger, will it not add most to my reputation to resign so great a dominion? Will it not be most glorious to leave so exalted
309	one love	a sovereignty and voluntarily become a plain citizen? So if any one of you doubts that any one else could show true moderation in this and bring himself to speak out, let him at all events believe me. #onelove
310	one love	For, though I could recite many great benefits which have been conferred upon you by me and by my father for which you would
310	one love	naturally love and honor us above all the rest, I could say nothing greater and I should take pride in nothing else more than
310	one love	this, that he would not accept the monarchy which you strove to give him, and that I, holding it, lay it aside. #onelove
311	one love	Who could be found more magnanimous than I not to mention again my father deceased or whose conduct more godlike? With so many
311	one love	fine soldiers at my back and citizens and allies O Jupiter and Hercules!, that love me, supreme over the entire sea within the
311	one love	Pillars of Hercules except a very few tribes, possessing both cities and provinces on all the continents, at a time when there
311	one love	is no longer any foreign enemy opposing me and there is no disturbance at home, but you all are at peace, harmonious and
311	one love	strong, and greatest of all are willingly obedient, under such conditions I voluntarily, of my own motion, resign so great a dominion and alienate so vast a property. #onelove
312	one love	It was not used, however, for this purpose in the beginning, but for their honor, and to admonish them to love their subjects as they would their children, while the subjects were to respect them as they respect their fathers. #onelove
313	one love	He helped his friend organize the monarchy like one who was really in love with the idea of supreme power and he won over the populace by his kindness, showing himself most truly a friend of the people. #onelove
314	one love	A man can be forced to fear another but he has to be persuaded to love him and he is to be persuaded by the good treatment he himself receives and the benefits he sees conferred on others. #onelove
315	one love	The sword can not effect everything for you; it would be a great blessing if it could bring some men to their senses and
315	one love	persuade them or even compel them to love any one with genuine affection but, instead, it will destroy the body of one man and alienate the minds of the rest. #onelove
316	one love	It was for this cause most of all that that first and greatest god who fashioned us divided the race of mortals in twain,
316	one love	rendering one half of it male and the other female, and added love and the compulsion of their intercourse together, making their association fruitful, that by the young continually born he might in a way render mortality eternal. #onelove
317	one love	Therefore, men, for you alone may properly be called men, and fathers, for you are worthy to hold this title like myself, I
317	one love	love you and I praise you for this, I am glad of the prizes I have already offered and I will glorify you still more besides by honors and offices. #onelove
318	one love	The latter, as Tiberius was already seriously ill, was paying his court to the young man, particularly as he had before this succeeded in making him fall in love with his own wife, Ennia Thrasylla. #onelove
319	one love	Since they had no love for him nor any wish that he should survive, they simulated both these feelings to all the greater extent, as if hoping in this way to disguise their real sentiments. #onelove
320	one love	As if it were not enough for her story that she had attracted her uncle Claudius into love for her by her blandishments and uncontrolled looks and kisses, she undertook to enslave Nero also in similar fashion. #onelove
321	one love	I hate a civil war, even though I conquer and I love all Romans, even though they do not side with me. #onelove
322	one love	And you, if you love me in reality, let me die as I desire and do not compel me to live against my will, but take your way to the victor and gain his good graces. #onelove
323	one love	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORYDomitian's cruel character his hatred of his father and brother chapters ,  He puts aside Domitia falls in
323	one love	love with Julia slays the Vestals chapter  The German war chapters ,  Dacian war with Decebalus chapters ,  Domitian's
323	one love	nocturnal spectacles and entertainments chapters ,  Events of the Dacian war chapter  Antonius, governor of Germany, rebels
323	one love	many are slain chapters  How Domitian was killed through snares laid by certain men chaptersDURATION OF TIME.  L. Fl. #onelove
324	one love	He had no genuine affection for any human being save a few women, but he always pretended to love the person whom at any time he was most determined to slay. #onelove
325	one love	Trajan celebrated a triumph and was given the title of Dacicus; in the theatre he had contests of gladiators, in whom he delighted, and he brought back dancers once more to the theatre, being in love with one of them, Pylades. #onelove
326	one love	His position as Caesar and emperor was due to the fact that, when Trajan died without an heir, Attianus, a fellowcitizen and
326	one love	former guardian, together with Plotina, who was in love with him, secured him the appointment, their efforts being facilitated by his proximity and his having a large force under his command. #onelove
327	one love	Hence it is scarcely surprising that when Plotina died, the woman through whom he had secured the imperial office, and who was
327	one love	passionately in love with him, he honored her to the extent of wearing mourning garments for nine days, building a temple to her, and composing several hymns to her memory. #onelove
328	one love	Accordingly, he honored Antinous either because of his love for him or because he had voluntarily submitted to death it being
328	one love	necessary that a life be surrendered voluntarily for the accomplishment of the ends he had in view, by building a city on the
328	one love	spot where he had suffered this fate and naming it after him and he further set up likenesses, or rather sacred statues of him, practically all over the world. #onelove
329	one love	Commodus displayed in Rome itself many marks of wealth and very many more, even, of love for the beautiful. #onelove
330	one love	Indeed, once he did say in a letter "I love the man so much that I pray to die before he does. #onelove
331	one love	Though many decrees in his honor were passed by the senate he accepted only a few of them, saying to the senators "It is through your hearts that you show your love for me, not through your decrees. #onelove
332	one love	Such words, however, were invariably spoken in a fit of anger on this occasion he allowed his love of offspring to get the
332	one love	better of his love of country; yet in doing so he simply betrayed his other child, for he well knew what would happen. #onelove
333	one love	The two pretended to love and commend each other, but their actions proved quite the reverse to be true, and anybody could see that some catastrophe would result from their relations. #onelove
334	one love	But Antoninus was so anxious to appear to love Cilo that he declared "Those who have plotted against him have plotted against me. #onelove
335	one love	Now Antoninus, in spite of his declaration that he cherished an overwhelming love for Alexander, all but destroyed utterly the whole population of Alexander's city. #onelove
336	one love	As for Aurelius Zoticus, a native of Smyrna, whom they also called "Cook" from his father's trade, he incurred the sovereign's thorough love and thorough hatred, and consequently his life was saved. #onelove
337	one love	It suffices me to have you call me'Pious' and 'Fortunate'."  The False Antoninus on receiving praise from the senate oneday remarked "Yes, you love me and, by Jupiter, so does thepopulace and likewise the foreign legions. #onelove
338	one love	So long as Sardanapalus continued to love his cousin, he was safe. #onelove
339	one love	Perchance he even felt some love for her, since she was of surpassing beauty; still it was rather her reputation than her body that he desired to ruin. #onelove
340	one love	As in a random host of persons at variance from divers causes those who have passed from friendship to enmity hate each other
340	one love	with the more intense hatred, so in a random host of persons kindly treated do those who receive this considerate treatment after a state of strife love their benefactors the more. #onelove
341	one love	A man who is distrusted and envied could not love any one sincerely. #onelove
342	one love	Zonaras, ,   The same Marcellus when he perceived that one of the Lucanian cavalrymen was in love with a woman permitted him
342	one love	to keep her in the camp, because he was a most excellent fighter this in spite of the fact that he had forbidden any women to enter the ramparts. #onelove
343	one love	He had taken among the captives a maiden distinguished for her beauty and it was supposed, on general principles, that he
343	one love	would fall in love with her and when he learned that she was betrothed to Allucius, one of the Celtiberian magistrates, he voluntarily sent for him and delivered the girl to him along with the ransom her kinsfolk had brought. #onelove
344	John Tamihere	Compare John of Antioch, frag. #JohnTamihere
345	John Tamihere	III. Of Dio or rather of Eutropius, or John of Antioch. #JohnTamihere
346	John Tamihere	What is said of Romulus in John of Antioch, Frag. #JohnTamihere
347	John Tamihere	Scholia on John Tzetzes's Letters in Cramer's Anecd. #JohnTamihere
348	John Tamihere	Zonaras , The account of John of Antioch, frag. #JohnTamihere
349	John Tamihere	John Tzetzes, Letters, , p. #JohnTamihere
350	John Tamihere	and also Excerpts from a Florentine MS. of John of Antioch's Parallela. #JohnTamihere
351	resident evil 2	Meantime all those who were resident aliens in Rome, except those who dwelt in what is now Italy, were banished on the motion
351	resident evil 2	of one Gaius Papius, a tribune, because they were getting to be in the majority and were not thought fit persons to dwell among the citizens. #residentevil2
352	resident evil 2	This arrangement held for a certain time, but later it was determined that a man once enrolled in the senate should be a
352	resident evil 2	senator for life and that his name should not be erased, unless one had been disgraced by being tried for the commission of a
352	resident evil 2	crime or was convicted of leading an evil life the names of such persons were erased and others inscribed in their stead. #residentevil2
353	resident evil 2	So the Romans on beholding the eclipse looked for no evil to come from it, but it made an impression of terror upon the Macedonians and they thought that the prodigy had a bearing on the cause of Perseus. #residentevil2
354	resident evil 2	Now when the comitiae had been announced in advance and accordingly no law could be enacted till they were held, the canvassers kept doing much evil in this intervening time, to such an extent that assassinations occurred. #residentevil2
355	resident evil 2	Afranius, returning through Mesopotamia to Syria, contrary to the agreement made with the Parthian, wandered from the way and endured much evil by reason of the winter and lack of supplies. #residentevil2
356	resident evil 2	Everything that he had gained at that epoch, although a vast sum, he had consumed by evil practices, and was eager for other similar exploits. #residentevil2
357	resident evil 2	Afranius, returning through Mesopotamia to Syria, contrary to the agreement made with the Parthian,wandered from the way and endured much evil by reason of the winter and lack of supplies. #residentevil2
358	resident evil 2	Caesar brought no charge against him, understanding well that on account of his connections he would not be convicted, but
358	resident evil 2	divorced his wife, telling her that he did not really believe the story but that he could no longer live with her inasmuch as
358	resident evil 2	she had been suspected of committing adultery at all a chaste woman must not only not err, but not even incur any evil suspicion. #residentevil2
359	resident evil 2	For Vettius, being informed against and arrested before he had acted, denounced them; and had he not charged Bibulus also with being in the plot against the two, they would have certainly met some evil fate. #residentevil2
360	resident evil 2	Let us look to this, therefore, to discover what spiritual blessing has abandoned you and what evil has come upon you that you cannot shake off. #residentevil2
361	resident evil 2	At the end of this speech of his Cicero rejoined "There seems to you, then, to be no great evil in dishonor and exile and not
361	resident evil 2	living at home nor being with your friends, but instead being expelled with violence from your country, existing in a foreign
361	resident evil 2	land, and wandering about with the name of exile, causing laughter to your enemies and disgrace to your connections. #residentevil2
362	resident evil 2	Those things which you mentioned, cases of dishonor among them, and everything else of the sort are disgraceful and evil only through law and a kind of notion, and work no injury to either body or soul. #residentevil2
363	resident evil 2	Living abroad is somehow in a way dishonorable, so that if dishonor pure and simple contains no evil, surely an evil reputation can not be attached to exile either. #residentevil2
364	resident evil 2	Is it not assuredly a dreadful, a disgraceful thing to have one's head cut off and set up in the Forum, if it so happen, for
364	resident evil 2	any one, man or woman, to insult? Do not hate me as one foreboding evil to you I but give you warning; be on your guard. #residentevil2
365	resident evil 2	And what are they? To honor and reward the good and faithful, but to dishonor and punish the evil and unfaithful. #residentevil2
366	resident evil 2	Gabinius could, indeed, have stopped the evil in its beginning he had arrested Archelaus, of whom he had been suspicious all along, and seemed likely, therefore, to have no further trouble. #residentevil2
367	resident evil 2	The remaining houses, too because the evil lasted for many days, became rotten and injured some persons at once and others afterward. #residentevil2
368	resident evil 2	Though I understood clearly before this that they were that sort of persons, for there is none of your interests that I fail
368	resident evil 2	to notice, still I pretended not to know it, thinking that they might become better if they believed they were not observed in
368	resident evil 2	some of their evil deeds and had the fear that if they ever presumed too far they might be punished for the guilt of which they were conscious. #residentevil2
369	resident evil 2	Dolabella in despair of obtaining any pardon from Caesar desired to accomplish some great evil and then perish, with the idea that he would forever have renown for this act. #residentevil2
370	resident evil 2	Those who were overbold and able to cause some great evil he took away from Italy in order that they might not raise an
370	resident evil 2	insurrection by being left behind there; and in Africa he was glad to employ different men on different pretexts, for while he was making away with his opponents through their work, he at the same time got rid of them. #residentevil2
371	resident evil 2	Thus the portion of the citizens that is not concerned is brought into the dispute and one class takes the evil up against
371	resident evil 2	another, through pretence of avenging the side which is for the moment at a disadvantage, as if they were repelling a regular,
371	resident evil 2	everyday danger; and individually they free themselves from it, but they ruin the community in every way. #residentevil2
372	resident evil 2	In brief, they regard everything, in the light of their former hostility, as done on purpose and for an evil end. #residentevil2
373	resident evil 2	He might perchance have obtained pardon for the errors which he committed at first, but now by his perseverance in evil he has
373	resident evil 2	reached such a pitch of knavery that he ought to be brought to book for his former offences as well. #residentevil2
374	resident evil 2	Shall we wait for him to secure the prize and still more, and so become a dangerous foe? Shall we trust his deception when he
374	resident evil 2	says that he is not warring against the City?Who is so silly as to decide whether a man is making war on us or not by his
374	resident evil 2	words rather than by his deeds? I do not say that now for the first time is he unfriendly to us, when he has abandoned the
374	resident evil 2	City and made a campaign against allies and is assailing Brutus and besieging the cities; but on the basis of his former evil
374	resident evil 2	and licentious behavior, not only after Caesar's death but even in the latter's lifetime, I decide that he has shown himself an enemy of our government and liberty and a plotter against them. #residentevil2
375	resident evil 2	Such men all suspect and hate as being likely to venture some deed of evil through desperation. #residentevil2
376	resident evil 2	The man had also attacked Cassius, but had suffered no evil in that case, either. #residentevil2
377	resident evil 2	As he could not persuade Fango to give up the country, he associated himself with the natives, who detested their ruler; he
377	resident evil 2	had done evil in his office, for he was one of that mercenary force, many of whose members, as has been stated in my narrative, had been elected even into the senate. #residentevil2
378	resident evil 2	I need not tell you that to live licentiously and to do evil is base and hazardous and hated of both gods and men. #residentevil2
379	resident evil 2	He was declared to be equal to a god and obtained eternal honors, whereas those who slew him perished, the evil men, in evil plight. #residentevil2
380	resident evil 2	As soon as the emperor learned this and felt assured that nothing but evil would come of it, he did not adopt an attitude like
380	resident evil 2	his former one toward them but appointed consul from among the envoys themselves Quintus Lucretius, though this man's name had been posted among the proscribed, and he hastened to Rome himself. #residentevil2
381	resident evil 2	I am not saying that we must spare absolutely all wrongdoers, for we must cut out of the way the daredevil and busybody, the
381	resident evil 2	man of evil nature and evil devices, who gives himself up to an unyielding, persistent baseness, just as we treat parts of the body that are quite incurable. #residentevil2
382	resident evil 2	Human nature is so constituted that in good fortune it does not perceive its prosperity so fully as it misses it when evil days arrive. #residentevil2
383	resident evil 2	The man was aware of the evil character of Gaius and desired to depart before he should taste of it, saying "I can not in my old age become the slave of a new master like him. #residentevil2
384	resident evil 2	Any number of beatings and insults took place in this connection and the evil spread to the theatres, so that those who worked as dancers and who had charge of the horses paid no attention either to praetors or to consuls. #residentevil2
385	resident evil 2	It was not possible to get anywhere, nor yet to stand still; but people pushed and were pushed back, they upset others and
385	resident evil 2	were themselves upset, many were suffocated, many were crushed in fine, no evil that can possibly happen to men at such a crisis failed to befall them. #residentevil2
386	resident evil 2	While he was behaving in this way, evil omens occurred. #residentevil2
387	resident evil 2	Laetus consistently spoke well of Pertinax and abused Commodus relating all the latter's evil deeds. #residentevil2
388	resident evil 2	Still, they abused him in their own fashion and heaped insults upon him as much as they could, going over the list of his
388	resident evil 2	bloody deeds, with the name of each victim, and ranging him alongside all the evil tyrants that had ever held sway over them. #residentevil2
389	resident evil 2	And so it proved, for the evil did not confine itself to the City alone, but took possession of the whole world under its dominion, with whose inhabitants the theatre was customarily filled. #residentevil2
390	resident evil 2	And again lacuna So the others killed certain soldiers and ravaged portions of Mesopotamia, and these men butchered not a few
390	resident evil 2	of their own number and also overthrew their emperor; and, what is still worse, they set up another similar ruler, by whom nothing was done save what was evil and base. #residentevil2
391	resident evil 2	And he sent to Rome such a despatch as might have been expected, speaking much evil of Macrinus, especially with reference to his low birth and his plot against Antoninus. #residentevil2
392	resident evil 2	Accordingly, the members through their own evil state grew conscious that the Belly was the salvation of them and restored to it its nourishment. #residentevil2
393	resident evil 2	Altogether, he displayed neither dejection nor terror, but with an unbending spirit, as if no serious evil had befallen them, he both planned and executed all measures of immediate benefit. #residentevil2
394	World Cup	He conducted the procession in honor of all his wars at once, including in it many trophies beautifully arrayed to represent
394	World Cup	each of his deeds, even the smallest and after them all came one huge one, arrayed in costly fashion and bearing an inscription to the effect that it was a World Trophy. #WorldCup
395	Otago Daily Times Online News	News of the death of Otho was brought to him Vitellius while in Gaul. #OtagoDailyTimesOnlineNews
396	kingdom hearts	A battle took place, Turnus and Latinus fell, and Æneas gained the victory and his fatherinlaw's kingdom as well. #kingdomhearts
397	kingdom hearts	For at the death of Marcius he behaved in a knavish way to the latter's two sons and made the kingdom his own. #kingdomhearts
398	kingdom hearts	The senate and the people were intending to elect the children of Marcius, when Tarquinius made advances to the most
398	kingdom hearts	influential of the senators; he had first sent the fatherless boys to some distant point on a hunting expedition and by his
398	kingdom hearts	talk and his efforts he got these men to vote him the kingdom on the understanding that he would restore it to the children when they had attained manhood. #kingdomhearts
399	kingdom hearts	By the coöperation of Tanaquil, wife of Tarquinius, Tullius succeeded to the kingdom of Rome. #kingdomhearts
400	kingdom hearts	And by the use of many alluring statements he so disposed them toward himself that they at once voted the kingdom to him outright. #kingdomhearts
401	kingdom hearts	Now Tullius joined his daughters in marriage with the Tarquins, and though he announced that he was going to restore the kingdom to them he kept putting it off, now on one excuse and now on another. #kingdomhearts
402	kingdom hearts	Tarquin at once obtained the kingdom from the senate, and sent some men who despatched Tullius while he was on his way home. #kingdomhearts
403	kingdom hearts	Lælius conducted to Rome Syphax and his son Vermina and some others of the foremost men; and the citizens gave Syphax an
403	kingdom hearts	estate at Alba, where at his death they honored him with a public funeral, and confirmed Vermina in the possession of his father's kingdom besides bestowing upon him the captured Nomads. #kingdomhearts
404	kingdom hearts	Because Demetrius had gained the affection of the Roman people through his sojourn as hostage and because he himself and the
404	kingdom hearts	rest of the Macedonian people hoped that he would secure the kingdom after Philip was done with it, Perseus, who was his elder, became jealous of him and falsely reported him to be plotting against his father. #kingdomhearts
405	kingdom hearts	Ariarathes after sustaining a defeat found an asylum with the Romans and was appointed by them to share the kingdom with Orophernes. #kingdomhearts
406	kingdom hearts	Antiochus subsequently died, leaving the kingdom to a child of the same name whom the Romans confirmed in possession of it and sent three men with sufficient show of reason, for he was a minor to act as his guardians. #kingdomhearts
407	kingdom hearts	Demetrius the son of Seleucus son of Antiochus, who was staying in Rome as a hostage at the time of his father's death and had
407	kingdom hearts	been deprived of the kingdom by his uncle Antiochus, asked for his ancestral domain when he learned of the death of Antiochus, but the Romans would neither help him to get it nor permit him to set out from Rome. #kingdomhearts
408	kingdom hearts	But the demise of Masinissa occurred before Scipio arrived, and he gave his ring to his son Micipsa and delivered and committed all the other interests pertaining to his kingdom to Scipio, so soon as the latter should arrive. #kingdomhearts
409	kingdom hearts	Scipio being aware of the preferences of Masinissa's sons assigned the kingdom to no one of them singly; but whereas there
409	kingdom hearts	were three most distinguished, the eldest Micipsa, the youngest Gulussa, and intermediate in age Mastanabal, he appointed these to have charge of affairs, though separately. #kingdomhearts
410	kingdom hearts	But when the Roman general saw him entering actually on foot, with fillet cast off, and prostrate on the earth doing
410	kingdom hearts	obeisance, he felt an impulse of pity; so starting up hastily he raised him, bound on the headband and seated him upon a chair
410	kingdom hearts	close by, and he encouraged him, telling him among other things that he had not lost the kingdom of Armenia but had gained the friendship of the Romans. #kingdomhearts
411	kingdom hearts	Seeing this, one of his sons, Pharnaces, impelled at once by fear of the king and an expectation that he would get the kingdom from the Romans, being now of man's estate, plotted against him. #kingdomhearts
412	kingdom hearts	The kingdom of Bosporus, however, he granted to Pharnaces as the wages of his bloody deed, and enrolled him among his friends and allies. #kingdomhearts
413	kingdom hearts	Their rulers were two brothers, Hyrcanus and Aristobulus, who were themselves quarreling, as it chanced, and stirring up the cities concerning the priesthood for so they called their kingdom of their God, whoever he is. #kingdomhearts
414	kingdom hearts	The kingdom was given to Hyrcanus, and Aristobulus was carried back to Rome. #kingdomhearts
415	kingdom hearts	He had spent much money upon some of the Romans, some of his own income and some borrowed, in order to strengthen his kingdom and receive the name of friend and ally. #kingdomhearts
416	kingdom hearts	Since he could neither persuade them to be quiet nor yet force them, as he had no foreign troops, he made his escape from
416	kingdom hearts	Egypt, went to Rome, and accused them of having expelled him from his kingdom he obtained the right to be restored by Spinther, to whom Cilicia had been entrusted. #kingdomhearts
417	kingdom hearts	Phraates had been treacherously murdered by his children, and Orodes having taken the kingdom in turn had expelled Mithridates his brother from Media, which he was governing. #kingdomhearts
418	kingdom hearts	Instead, she sent for one Seleucus who purported to belong to the royal race that once had flourished in Syria, acknowledged him as her husband and made him sharer of the kingdom and of the war. #kingdomhearts
419	kingdom hearts	When the Persian kingdom had been destroyed and that of the Macedonians had reached its prime, and then the successors of
419	kingdom hearts	Alexander had quarreled one with another, cutting off separate portions for their own and setting up individual monarchies,
419	kingdom hearts	this land then first attained prominence under a certain Arsaces from whom their succeeding rulers have received the title of Arsacidae. #kingdomhearts
420	kingdom hearts	Juba, however, son of Hiempsus and king over the Numidians, esteemed the interests of Pompey as those of the people and the
420	kingdom hearts	senate, and hated Curio both for this reason and because the latter when tribune had attempted to take away his kingdom from him and confiscate the land therefore he vigorously prosecuted the war against him. #kingdomhearts
421	kingdom hearts	This was the son of that Ptolemy who, through the agency of Gabinius, had received back the kingdom at his hands, and he had as an acknowledgment of that service sent a fleet to Pompey's assistance. #kingdomhearts
422	kingdom hearts	When he had done this and had added that it belonged to him as dictator, holding all the power of the people, to have an
422	kingdom hearts	oversight of the children and to fulfill the father's wishes, he bestowed upon them both the kingdom and granted Cyprus to Arsinoë and Ptolemy the Younger, a sister and a brother of theirs. #kingdomhearts
423	kingdom hearts	To all of them alike it seemed a shame to be ruled by a woman for they suspected that Caesar on the occasion mentioned had
423	kingdom hearts	given the kingdom to both of the children merely to quiet the people, and that in the course of time he would offer it to Cleopatra alone. #kingdomhearts
424	kingdom hearts	Yet, being afraid that the Egyptians might rebel again because they were delivered to a woman to rule them and that the Romans
424	kingdom hearts	for this reason and because the woman was his companion might be angry, he commanded her to make her other brother partner of her habitation, and gave the kingdom to both of them, at least nominally. #kingdomhearts
425	kingdom hearts	The people of Amisus he rewarded with freedom, and to Mithridates the Pergamenian he gave a tetrarchy in Galatia with the name
425	kingdom hearts	of kingdom and allowed him to wage war against Asander, so that by conquering him, because he had proved base toward his friend Mithridates might get Bosporus also. #kingdomhearts
426	kingdom hearts	Then he saw Pompey, who had abandoned his fatherland and was setting up a kingdom of his own in Macedonia, transferring
426	kingdom hearts	thither all your possessions, equipping your subjects against you, and using against you money of your own. #kingdomhearts
427	kingdom hearts	He set himself the task of writing a history of the entire existence of the city for he pretends to be a sophist and poet and
427	kingdom hearts	philosopher and orator and historian, and he began not from the founding of it, like the rest are similarly busied, but from
427	kingdom hearts	his own consulship, so that he might proceed backwards, making that the beginning of his account, and the kingdom of Romulus the end. #kingdomhearts
428	kingdom hearts	At the decease of Bocchus he gave his kingdom to no one else, but enrolled it among the Roman provinces. #kingdomhearts
429	kingdom hearts	The kingdom of Lycomedes he gave to one Medeus, because the latter had previous to the naval engagement detached the Mysians in Asia from Antony and with them had waged war upon such as followed Antony's fortunes. #kingdomhearts
430	kingdom hearts	She was distressed that he would neither look at her nor breathe a word about the kingdom or any sigh of love, and fell at his knees wailing "Life for me, Caesar, is neither desirable nor possible. #kingdomhearts
431	kingdom hearts	He marched upon Genoucla, the most strongly defended fortress of the kingdom of Zuraxes, because he heard that the standards which the Bastarnae had taken from Gaius Antonius near the city of the Istriani were there. #kingdomhearts
432	kingdom hearts	They will reverence you also by still another name, so that you may obtain all the advantages of a kingdom without the disfavor that attaches to the term itself. #kingdomhearts
433	kingdom hearts	The others I have not mentioned because some of them were acquired later, and the rest, even if they had been already subdued,
433	kingdom hearts	were not being governed by the Romans, but either were left to enjoy their own laws or had been turned over to some kingdom or other. #kingdomhearts
434	kingdom hearts	Therefore he began no war at this time, but gave out certain sovereignties, to Iamblichus son of Iamblichus his ancestral
434	kingdom hearts	dominion over the Arabians, and to Tarcondimotus son of Tarcondimotus the kingdom of Cilicia which his father held, except a few coast districts. #kingdomhearts
435	kingdom hearts	And as the other Armenians had preferred charges against Artaxes and had summoned his brother Tigranes, who was in Rome, the
435	kingdom hearts	emperor sent for Tiberius to cast the former out of his kingdom and restore the latter to it once more. #kingdomhearts
436	kingdom hearts	One Seribonius, who maintained that he was a grandson of Mithridates and had received the kingdom from Augustus after the
436	kingdom hearts	death of Asander, married the latter's wife, named Dynamis, who was the daughter of Pharnaces and a grandchild of Mithridates, and obtaining the power committed to her by her husband got control of Bosporus. #kingdomhearts
437	kingdom hearts	Chariomerus, king of the Cherusci, had been driven out of his kingdom by the Chatti on account of his friendship for the Romans. #kingdomhearts
438	kingdom hearts	This matter must now form the subject of our discourse, for our history now descends from a kingdom of gold to one of iron and rust,  Reading Greek chatiomenaen Dindorf, following Reiske. #kingdomhearts
439	kingdom hearts	They with the assistance of many persons killed Amulius, and after bestowing the kingdom of Alba on their grandfather Numitor themselves made a beginning of founding Rome in the eighteenth year of Romulus's life. #kingdomhearts
440	kingdom hearts	This is probably a remark in regard to the quarrels of the Roman elders over the kingdom after the death of Romulus. #kingdomhearts
441	kingdom hearts	the staff of Brutus, and when to the enquiry of the ambassadors as to who should succeed to the kingdom of their father the
441	kingdom hearts	oracle replied that the first to kiss his mother should hold dominion over the Romans, he kissed the earth, pretending to have fallen down by accident, for he regarded her as the mother of all mankind. #kingdomhearts
442	kingdom hearts	And after their expulsion from the kingdom consuls, as has been stated, were chosen by the Romans. #kingdomhearts
443	kingdom hearts	Next they gave and received in turn, one from another, whatever they set their hearts on and was in view of the circumstances suitable to be carried out by them. #kingdomhearts
444	kingdom hearts	If we do this voluntarily, we shall not be grieved if involuntarily, we shall not escape at all what is fated and we shall lay upon ourselves besides the greatest of ills, distressing our hearts to no purpose. #kingdomhearts
445	kingdom hearts	They did not wish, however, to sail out either secretly or openly as fugitives, for fear they should strike terror to the
445	kingdom hearts	hearts of their allies, but rather with preparations made for a naval battle, in order that they might equally well force their way through in case there should be any resistance. #kingdomhearts
446	kingdom hearts	Never permit gold or silver images of yourself to be made; they are not only costly, but they give rise to plots and last but
446	kingdom hearts	a brief time you must build in the very hearts of men others out of benefits conferred, which shall be both unalloyed and undying. #kingdomhearts
447	kingdom hearts	Real grief not in the hearts of many at the time, but later felt by all the citizens. #kingdomhearts
448	kingdom hearts	When Nero for this is the name for him that has won its way intofavor was registered among the iuvenes, the day that he was
448	kingdom hearts	registeredthe Divine Power shook the earth for long distances and bynight struck terror to the hearts of all men without exception. #kingdomhearts
449	kingdom hearts	Though many decrees in his honor were passed by the senate he accepted only a few of them, saying to the senators "It is through your hearts that you show your love for me, not through your decrees. #kingdomhearts
450	kingdom hearts	But affairs in Mesopotamia were still more terrifying, and provoked in the hearts of all, not merely the men of Rome but the rest of mankind, a fear that had a truer foundation. #kingdomhearts
451	kingdom hearts	XXXIV  As a result he gained some reputation for having shown himself above jealousy, which springs up in the hearts of many of the best men by reason of emulation. #kingdomhearts
452	kingdom hearts	Just as matters at a great distance and quite unknown are accustomed to disturb many men, so now they struck no little fear to the hearts of the Spaniards. #kingdomhearts
453	Europe	For the rest of the cities situated in Asia and #Europe which were previously subservient to him they let go free.
454	Europe	Twice before, indeed, Antiochus had crossed into #Europe and had reached Greece.
455	Europe	Eumenes and his brother Attalus proceeded to injure the country of Antiochus, and cities kept coming over, some under
455	Europe	compulsion, some voluntarily, to the Romans, with the ultimate result that Antiochus was obliged to abandon #Europe entirely and to recall his son Seleucus from Lysimachia.
456	Europe	The arrangement made allotted to Caesar Sardinia, Dalmatia, Spain and Gaul, and to Antony all the districts that belonged to the Romans across the Ionian Sea, both in #Europe and in Asia.
457	Europe	The cause lay in the fear that, if Philip were out of the way, the Greeks might recover their ancient spirit and no longer pay
457	Europe	them court, that the Ætolians, already filled with great boasting because they had contributed the largest share to the
457	Europe	victory, might become more vexatious to them, and that Antiochus might, as was reported, come to #Europe and form an alliance with Philip.
458	Palace	It was before him, moreover, that the apostle Paul made his defence in  The latter was accorded pretorial honors, while she dwelt in the #Palace and cohabited with Titus.
459	full time	﻿VII, Æneas after the Trojan war came to the Aborigines, who were the former inhabitants of the land wherein Rome has been built and at that time had Latinus, the son of Faunus, as their sovereign. #fulltime
460	full time	As time went on the Latin nation increased in size, and the majority of the people abandoned Lavinium to build another town in a better location. #fulltime
461	full time	The first alternative agrees with Plutarch, who, at the end of his life of Numa chapter , says that this death by lightning of
461	full time	Tullus Hostilius caused many among the population at large to revere that religion which their king had for so long a time neglected. #fulltime
462	full time	It is said that as he was journeying to his new home an eagle swooped down and snatched the cap which he had on his head, and
462	full time	after soaring aloft and screaming for some time placed it again exactly upon his head wherefore he was inspired to hope for no small advancement and eagerly took up his residence in Rome. #fulltime
463	full time	These originally in most matters were at a disadvantage as compared with the patricians, but as time went on they shared
463	full time	equally with the patricians in everything save the office of interrex and the priesthoods, and were distinguished from them in no respect except by their shoes. #fulltime
464	full time	But the younger one, however ill at ease he was, still endured it, until in the course of time he thought he could bear Tullius no longer. #fulltime
465	full time	The enemy believed the trick on account of the cruelty of Tarquin and because at this time the son spoke many words of truth in abusing his father and by his conduct seemed to have become thoroughly estranged from him. #fulltime
466	full time	SEXTUS, THE SON OF TARQUIN, SET HIS HEART UPON OUTRAGING HER, NOT SO MUCH BECAUSE HE WAS INSPIRED WITH PASSION BY HER BEAUTY
466	full time	AS BECAUSE HE CHOSE TO PLOT AGAINST HER CHASTE REPUTATION. SO, HAVING WATCHED FOR COLLATINUS TO BE AWAY FROM HOME, HE CAME BY
466	full time	NIGHT TO HER AND LODGED AT HER HOUSE, SINCE SHE WAS THE WIFE OF A RELATIVE. AND FIRST HE TRIED BY PERSUASION TO SECURE ILLICIT
466	full time	PLEASURE FROM HER AND THEN HE RESORTED TO VIOLENCE. AS HE COULD NOT SUCCEED, HE THREATENED TO CUT HER THROAT. BUT INASMUCH AS
466	full time	SHE DESPISED DEATH, HE THREATENED FURTHERMORE TO LAY A SLAVE BESIDE HER AND TO KILL THEM BOTH AND TO SPREAD THE REPORT THAT HE
466	full time	HAD FOUND THEM SLEEPING TOGETHER AND KILLED THEM. THIS RENDERED LUCRETIA DISTRAUGHT, AND IN FEAR THAT THIS MIGHT BE BELIEVED
466	full time	TO HAVE SO HAPPENED SHE SURRENDERED. AND AFTER THE ACT OF ADULTERY SHE PLACED A DAGGER BENEATH THE PILLOW AND SENT FOR HER
466	full time	HUSBAND AND HER FATHER. WHEN THEY CAME, ACCOMPANIED BY BRUTUS AND PUBLIUS VALERIUS, SHE SHED MANY TEARS AND WITH MOANS RELATED
466	full time	THE ENTIRE TRANSACTION. THEN SHE ADDED "AND I WILL TREAT MY CASE AS BECOMES ME, BUT DO YOU, IF YOU ARE MEN, AVENGE ME,
466	full time	YOURSELVES, AND SHOW THE TYRANTS WHAT MANNER OF CREATURES YOU ARE AND WHAT MANNER OF WOMAN THEY HAVE OUTRAGED." HAVING SPOKEN
466	full time	TO THIS EFFECT SHE IMMEDIATELY DREW THE DAGGER FROM ITS HIDING PLACE AND KILLED HERSELF.  , VII, The Sabines, however, because
466	full time	of wrath at their treatment, did not keep quiet even through the winter, but overran Roman territory and damaged the forces of Postumius when he was for the second time consul. #fulltime
467	full time	Therefore the nobles then for the first time established a new office to have jurisdiction over both classes. #fulltime
468	full time	The office of dictator extended for a period of not more than six months, to the end that no such official by spending much
468	full time	time in the midst of so much power and unhampered authority should become haughty and plunge headlong into a passion for sole leadership. #fulltime
469	full time	As time went on, they were allowed or allowed themselves to summon the senate, to punish whoever disobeyed them, to practice divination, and to hold court. #fulltime
470	full time	In the course of time the number of the tribunes was fixed at ten, AND AS A RESULT OF THIS MOST OF THEIR POWER WAS OVERTHROWN.
470	full time	FOR AS THOUGH BY NATURE BUT REALLY, OF COURSE, BY REASON OF JEALOUSY FELLOW OFFICIALS INVARIABLY QUARREL; AND IT IS DIFFICULT
470	full time	FOR A NUMBER OF MEN, ESPECIALLY IN A POSITION OF INFLUENCE, TO ATTAIN HARMONY. No sooner did outsiders, planning to wreck
470	full time	their influence, raise factional issues to the end that dissension might make them weaker, than the tribunes actually attached themselves some to one party, some to another. #fulltime
471	full time	It was at this time that in the siege of Corioli they came within an ace of being driven from their camp, but a patrician, Gnæus Marcius, showed his prowess and repelled the assailants. #fulltime
472	full time	FOR THE NOBLES BEING UNABLE TO RESTRAIN THEM IN ANY OTHER WAY STIRRED UP PURPOSELY WARS AFTER WARS, IN ORDER THAT BEING BUSIED
472	full time	THEREWITH THEY MIGHT NOT DISTURB THEMSELVES ABOUT THE LAND. But after a time some persons began to suspect what was going on,
472	full time	and would not permit both of the consuls or prætors to be appointed by the nobles, but themselves desired to choose one of them from the patricians. #fulltime
473	full time	VII, Now the consuls it is said that this is the first time they were known as consuls, being previously called prætors; and
473	full time	they were Valerius and Horatius both then and thereafter showed favor to the populace and strengthened their cause rather than that of the patricians. #fulltime
474	full time	It was in this way, then, that military tribunes came to be chosen at that time censors were appointed in the following year, during the consulship of Barbatus and Marcus Macrinus. #fulltime
475	full time	The reason for their election was that the consuls were unable, on account of the number of the people, to supervise them all;
475	full time	the duties now assigned to the censors had until that time been performed by the consuls as a part of their prerogatives. #fulltime
476	full time	They held office at first and at the last for fiveyear periods, but during the intervening time for three halfyears; and they came to be greater than the consuls, though they had taken over only a part of their functions. #fulltime
477	full time	One particular man, whom they styled principa of the senate he would be called prokritos by the Greeks was preferred before
477	full time	all for the time that he was president a person was not chosen for this position for life and surpassed the rest in dignity, without wielding, however, any power. #fulltime
478	full time	VII, For a time they maintained peace with each other and with the adjacent tribes, but then a famine mastered them, so severe
478	full time	that some not able to endure the pangs of hunger threw themselves into the river, and they fell to quarreling. #fulltime
479	full time	And they assigned to their own use not only the captive territory but all that at the time happened to be found in the public treasury. #fulltime
480	full time	Up to that time they were used to undertaking campaigns without pay and lived at their own expense; now for the first time they began to draw pay. #fulltime
481	full time	For a long time the chasm remained in statu quo, and neither closed up in the slightest degree nor was to be filled, albeit the Romans brought and cast into it masses of earth and stones and all sorts of other material. #fulltime
482	full time	He proceeded against the barbarians with the intention of using up time and not risking the issue in conflict with men animated by desperation he expected to exhaust them more easily and securely by the failure of provisions. #fulltime
483	full time	It was regarded as still more marvelous that a crow lighted on the helmet of Valerius and cawing all the time made dashes at the barbarian, confusing his sight and impeding his onset until he finally received a finishing blow. #fulltime
484	full time	Thereafter, as the armies began to grow insubordinate and a civil war threatened to break out, the insurgents were brought to
484	full time	terms by the enactment of laws that no one's name should be erased from the lists against his will, that any person who had
484	full time	served as tribune of the soldiers should not be centurion, that both of the consuls might belong to and be appointed from the
484	full time	people, and that the same man should not hold two offices at the same time nor hold the same office twice within ten years. #fulltime
485	full time	The other side, understanding the situation, chose Torquatus consul for the third time and likewise Decius, and came out to meet them. #fulltime
486	full time	A short time after Decius had perished a decisive victory fell to the lot of the Romans and the Latins were all routed, yet certainly not on account of the death of Decius. #fulltime
487	full time	THE MEN IN THE CITY ON HEARING OF THE EVENT DID NOT FIND IT POSSIBLE EITHER TO BE PLEASED AT THE SURVIVAL OF THEIR SOLDIERS OR
487	full time	TO BE DISPLEASED. WHEN THEY THOUGHT OF THE CALAMITY THEIR GRIEF WAS EXTREME, AND THE FACT THAT THEY HAD SUFFERED SUCH A
487	full time	REVERSE AT THE HANDS OF THE SAMNITES INCREASED THEIR GRIEF; WHEN THEY STOPPED TO REFLECT, HOWEVER, THAT IF IT HAD COME TO PASS
487	full time	THAT ALL HAD PERISHED, ALL THEIR INTERESTS WOULD HAVE BEEN ENDANGERED, THEY WERE REALLY PLEASED AT THE SURVIVAL OF THEIR OWN
487	full time	MEN. But concealing for a time their pleasure they went into mourning and carried on no business in the everyday fashion either at once or subsequently, as long as they had control of affairs. #fulltime
488	full time	And for a time they carried on an evenly contested struggle, but eventually, after the Samnites had won a victory, the Romans conquered them in turn, took them captive, led them beneath the yoke, and so released them. #fulltime
489	full time	Æmilius for a time held his ground, but when he perceived that the Pyrrhic soldiers had come, and recognized his inability on account of the winter to maintain an opposition, he set out for Apulia. #fulltime
490	full time	Pyrrhus on learning of Lavinius's approach made a start before the latter came in sight, established a camp, and was desirous of using up time while waiting for allies to join. #fulltime
491	full time	The Syracusans welcomed him and laid everything at his feet, so that in brief time he had again become great and the Carthaginians in fright secured additional mercenaries from Italy. #fulltime
492	full time	In the course of time their efforts to obtain it were crowned with success. #fulltime
493	full time	VIII, From that time the Romans began struggles oversea they had previously had no experience at all in naval matters. #fulltime
494	full time	However, partly because of the numbers and skill of the Carthaginians, but chiefly because of the difficulty of sailing and a
494	full time	storm that suddenly broke HE LOST SOME OF HIS TRIREMES AND WITH THE REMAINDER BARELY SUCCEEDED IN GETTING BACK TO RHEGIUM.
494	full time	VIII, HOWEVER, THE ROMANS DID NOT SHUN THE SEA BECAUSE OF THEIR DEFEAT. Claudius proceeded to repair his ships, WHILE HANNO,
494	full time	WISHING TO THROW THE RESPONSIBILITY FOR BREAKING THE TRUCE UPON THE ROMANS, SENT TO CLAUDIUS THE CAPTURED TRIREMES AND
494	full time	RESTORED THE CAPTIVES, URGING HIM TO AGREE TO PEACE. BUT WHEN THE OTHER WOULD ACCEPT NOTHING, HE THREATENED THAT HE WOULD
494	full time	NEVER PERMIT THE ROMANS EVEN TO WASH THEIR HANDS IN THE SEA. Claudius now having become acquainted with the strait watched for
494	full time	a time when the current and the wind both carried from Italy toward Sicily, and under those circumstances sailed to the island, encountering no opposition. #fulltime
495	full time	So for the time the conflict was an evenly matched one later the Romans got the upper hand and sank numbers of crews, retaining possession also of large numbers. #fulltime
496	full time	As he was not able to give knowledge of the affair, for all those about him were Samnites, he persuaded them to gather in the
496	full time	Forum at a time when a senate meeting was being convened and denounce him with declarations that they were being wronged in the matter of the grain which they were receiving. #fulltime
497	full time	Hannibal weighed anchor and came out with speed, whereupon Sulpicius sailed to meet him and sank the majority of his vessels,
497	full time	which, because of a mist, did not know for a long time what was taking place and were thrown into confusion; all that made
497	full time	their escape to land he seized, though minus their crews, for Hannibal who saw that the harbor was unsafe abandoned them and retired to the city of Sulci. #fulltime
498	full time	The contest was for a long time evenly balanced but in the end the Romans got the best of it. #fulltime
499	full time	THOSE IN THE TOWN BEING IN FEAR OF CAPTURE SENT HERALDS TO THE CONSUL TO THE END THAT HAVING BY SOME SATISFACTORY ARRANGEMENT
499	full time	INDUCED HIM TO GO AWAY THEY MIGHT AVOID THE DANGER OF THE MOMENT AND SO ESCAPE. BUT WHEN MANY UNREASONABLE DEMANDS WERE MADE
499	full time	OF THEM, THEY DECIDED THAT THE TRUCE WOULD MEAN THEIR UTTER SUBJUGATION AND PREPARED RATHER TO FIGHT.Regulus, however, who up
499	full time	to that time was fortunate, became filled with boastfulness and conceit, so much so that he even wrote to Rome that he had sealed up the gates of Carthage with fear. #fulltime
500	full time	For some time he remained inactive until at length he found the Romans encamped in a way that betokened their contempt. #fulltime
501	full time	When the consuls urged him to take part in their discussion, HE PAID NO HEED UNTIL PERMISSION WAS GRANTED BY THE CARTHAGINIANS. For a time he was silent. #fulltime
502	full time	They cut off his eyelids and for a time shut him in darkness, then they threw him into some kind of specially constructed
502	full time	receptacle bristling with spikes; and they made him face the sun; so that through suffering and sleeplessness, for the spikes kept him from reclining in any fashion, he perished. #fulltime
503	full time	The leader waited for a time of storm and sailed in. #fulltime
504	full time	VIII, The next year Gaius Aurelius and Publius Servilius took office and spent their time in harrying Lilybæum and Drepanum, in keeping the Carthaginians off the land, and in devastating the region that was in alliance with them. #fulltime
505	full time	Consequently they effected an armistice by giving him money, grain, and hostages; these preliminaries secured them the right
505	full time	of sending envoys to Rome and proposing as conditions that they retire from Sicily entire, yielding it to the Romans, as well
505	full time	as abandon all the surrounding islands, that they carry on no war with Hiero, and pay an indemnity, a part at the time of
505	full time	making the treaty and a part later, and that they return the Roman deserters and captives free of cost, but ransom their own. #fulltime
506	full time	Thus Sicily, with the exception of Hiero's domain, was made a slave of Rome, and from this time its people were on a friendly footing with the Carthaginians. #fulltime
507	full time	At the time under discussion the Romans entered upon war with the Falisci, and Manlius Torquatus ravaged their country. #fulltime
508	full time	At this time these events befell the Romans as described. #fulltime
509	full time	VIII, About this time also Hamilcar the Carthaginian general was defeated by the Spaniards and lost his life. #fulltime
510	full time	For a long time the battle was evenly contested, but finally the Romans surrounded them with their horse, cut them down, seized their camp, and got back the spoils. #fulltime
511	full time	After this Æmilius wrought havoc among the possessions of the Boii and CELEBRATED A TRIUMPH, IN WHICH HE CONVEYED THE
511	full time	FOREMOST CAPTIVES CLAD IN ARMOR UP TO THE CAPITOL, MAKING JESTS AT THEIR EXPENSE FOR HAVING SWORN NOT TO REMOVE THEIR
511	full time	BREASTPLATES BEFORE THEY HAD MOUNTED THE CAPITOL. The Romans now secured control of the entire territory of the Boii and for
511	full time	the first time crossed the Po to take the offensive against the Insubres; and they continued to ravage their country. #fulltime
512	full time	When the Illyrians accordingly fell upon the reconnoitering party, thinking them alone, the main body approached at leisure in
512	full time	their ships and after pitching camp in a suitable place repulsed the natives, who, angry at the trick, lost no time in attacking them. #fulltime
513	full time	He at this time reached Macedonia with large amounts of money and went to Philip, the king of the country. #fulltime
514	full time	Lucius Cornelius Lentulus addressed the people and said they must not delay but vote for war against the Carthaginians and
514	full time	separate consuls and armies into two detachments, and send the one to Spain and the other to Libya, in order that at one and
514	full time	the same time the land of the enemy might be desolated and his allies injured; thus neither would he be able to assist Spain nor could he himself receive assistance from there. #fulltime
515	full time	Hannibal therefore used up some time in building rafts and skiffs, some of them out of a single log of wood, but still with
515	full time	the help of a large corps of workers had everything in readiness that was needful for crossing before Scipio's own army could arrive. #fulltime
516	full time	He pretended that he was going to spend his time and meet the issue where he was, and when the Romans, thinking that he was
516	full time	permanently located, began to show carelessness in their line of march, he started just after nightfall, leaving his cavalry
516	full time	behind at camp, noiselessly traversed the passes and hastened on toward Aretium; and the cavalry, after he had got far ahead, set out to follow him. #fulltime
517	full time	They spent their time in sending scouts in every direction, defending the allies, trying to win back the revolted and injuring their adversaries' interests. #fulltime
518	full time	For the time being affairs in Sicily were quiet, but afterward disturbance reigned anew. #fulltime
519	full time	Hannibal was passing his time in Calabria. #fulltime
520	full time	There was a vulnerable spot in the Syracusans' wall, which they called Galeagra; it had never before been recognized as such, but the fact was at this time discovered. #fulltime
521	full time	Marcellus plundered the captured town and attacked the portions not yet taken, and with time and labor but after all successfully he conquered the remainder of Syracuse. #fulltime
522	full time	Capua was at this time taken by the Romans. #fulltime
523	full time	Hannibal kept making raids all the time before their eyes and doing a great amount of harm, but for some time they were satisfied to preserve their possessions within the walls. #fulltime
524	full time	The bearers of the letter were seized by Flaccus Claudius had before this time died of his wound and had their hands cut off. #fulltime
525	full time	The next day he held a conference with Nero but used up the whole time without fixing upon anything definitely. #fulltime
526	full time	At any time that he was forced into a combat he came out victorious as the result of prudence mingled with daring. #fulltime
527	full time	They had destroyed Hasdrubal along with many others, they had secured huge quantities of spoil, they had found Roman captives
527	full time	to the number of four thousand in the camp, and thought they had sufficiently retrieved the disaster of Cannæ. At the
527	full time	conclusion of these operations Livius stayed where he was, but Nero returned to Apulia, reaching it on the sixth day; his absence up to that time had not been detected. #fulltime
528	full time	IX, Scipio was detailed to superintend Roman interests in Spain till what time he should reach a satisfactory adjustment of them all. #fulltime
529	full time	First he sailed to Libya with two quinqueremes, and it so happened that Hasdrubal son of Gisco landed there at the same time as he did. #fulltime
530	full time	He was so anxious to add Syphax, who was lord of a very great power, to the Carthaginian alliance that when his father about
530	full time	this time died he helped him to take possession of his domain, which properly belonged to Masinissa, and furthermore gave him Sophonis in marriage. #fulltime
531	full time	SCIPIO AFTER WINNING OVER THE WHOLE TERRITORY SOUTH OF THE PYRENEES, PARTLY BY FORCE, PARTLY BY TREATY, EQUIPPED HIMSELF TO
531	full time	JOURNEY TO LIBYA. THE PEOPLE OF ROME, HOWEVER, THROUGH JEALOUSY OF HIS SUCCESSES AND THROUGH FEAR THAT HE MIGHT BECOME
531	full time	ARROGANT AND PLAY THE TYRANT SENT TWO OF THE PRÆTORS TO RELIEVE HIM AND CALLED HIM HOME. THUS HE WAS DEPOSED FROM HIS
531	full time	COMMAND. BUT SULPICIUS TOGETHER WITH ATTALUS OCCUPIED OREUS BY TREACHERY AND OPUS BY MAIN FORCE. PHILIP WAS UNABLE TO SEND
531	full time	THEM SPEEDY AID AS THE ÆTOLIANS HAD SEIZED THE PASSES IN ADVANCE. BUT AT LAST HE DID ARRIVE ON THE SCENE AND FORCED ATTALUS
531	full time	BACK TO HIS SHIPS. PHILIP, HOWEVER, WISHED TO CONCLUDE A TRUCE WITH THE ROMANS. AND AFTER SOME PRELIMINARY DISCUSSION THE
531	full time	PEACE PROPOSITION WAS WITHDRAWN, BUT HE MOVED THE ÆTOLIANS OUT OF THEIR POSITION OF ALLIANCE WITH THE ROMANS AND MADE THEM
531	full time	HIS OWN FRIENDS INSTEAD. Hannibal for a time kept quiet, satisfied if he might only retain such advantages as were already his. #fulltime
532	full time	Scipio heard this as a piece of secret information, and to prevent the knowledge of it from reaching the soldiers he sent the herald back posthaste before he had had time to meet anybody else. #fulltime
533	full time	From this time Hanno was the general, but his predecessor privately got hold of some slaves and deserters whom he welded
533	full time	together into a fairly strong force; he then quietly persuaded some of the Spaniards who were serving in Scipio's army to help him and attempted one night to carry out a plot against the Roman's camp. #fulltime
534	full time	AND THEY BROUGHT TO SCIPIO ALONG WITH THE OTHER PROPERTY SYPHAX HIMSELF. AND THE COMMANDER WOULD NOT CONSENT TO SEE HIM REMAIN
534	full time	BOUND IN CHAINS, BUT CALLING TO MIND HIS ENTERTAINMENT AT THE OTHER'S COURT AND REFLECTING ON HUMAN POSSIBILITIES HE LEAPED
534	full time	FROM HIS CHAIR, LOOSED HIM, EMBRACED HIM, AND TREATED HIM WITH RESPECT. Once he asked him "What possessed you to go to war
534	full time	with us?" Syphax excused himself skillfully and at the same time made himself secure against Masinissa by declaring that Sophonis had been responsible for his attitude. #fulltime
535	full time	The Carthaginians in Libya were not thinking seriously of peace even before this and had made propositions about a truce only for the purpose of using up time and with a view to securing Hannibal's presence. #fulltime
536	full time	Hannibal refused to fight and in his efforts to locate a camp there and to dig wells he had a hard time of it all night long. #fulltime
537	full time	Accordingly, the Romans entered the conflict well marshaled and eager, but Hannibal and the Carthaginians listlessly and in dejection, a dejection for which a total eclipse of the sun at this time was largely accountable. #fulltime
538	full time	For a time the Carthaginians resisted, but at length, when Masinissa and Lælius fell upon them from the rear with horsemen, they all fled. #fulltime
539	full time	For these reasons Philip found himself in a quandary, and for a time scurried about hither and thither, defending now one place, now another. #fulltime
540	full time	Apustius, apprised of his approach, retired, for by this time it was winter. #fulltime
541	full time	When the two leaders drew near each other they BOTH PITCHED CAMP AND CONDUCTED SKIRMISHES OF THE HORSE AND LIGHTARMED TROOPS.
541	full time	WHEN THE ROMANS TRANSFERRED THEIR CAMP TO A CERTAIN SPOT FROM WHICH THEY COULD GET FOOD MORE EASILY, PHILIP DECIDED THAT THEY
541	full time	HAD SHIFTED POSITION OUT OF FEAR OF HIM; THEREFORE HE ATTACKED THEM UNEXPECTEDLY WHILE THEY WERE ENGAGED IN PLUNDERING AND
541	full time	KILLED A FEW OF THEM. AND GALBA ON PERCEIVING THIS MADE A SORTIE FROM THE CAMP, ATTACKED HIM AND SLEW MANY MORE IN RETURN.
541	full time	PHILIP, THEN, IN VIEW OF HIS DEFEAT AND THE FACT THAT HE WAS WOUNDED, WITHDREW JUST AFTER NIGHTFALL. GALBA, HOWEVER, DID NOT
541	full time	FOLLOW HIM UP BUT RETIRED TO APOLLONIA. APUSTIUS WITH THE RHODIANS AND WITH ATTALUS CRUISED ABOUT AND SUBJUGATED MANY OF THE
541	full time	ISLANDS. About the same time HAMILCAR, A CARTHAGINIAN WHO HAD MADE A CAMPAIGN WITH MAGO IN ITALY AND REMAINED THERE UNNOTICED,
541	full time	AFTER A TERM OF QUIET CAUSED THE GAULS AS SOON AS THE MACEDONIAN WAR BROKE OUT TO REVOLT FROM THE ROMANS; THEN WITH THE REBELS
541	full time	HE MADE AN EXPEDITION AGAINST THE LIGURIANS AND WON OVER SOME OF THEM ALSO. THEY FOUGHT WITH LUCIUS FURIUS THE PRÆTOR, WERE
541	full time	DEFEATED, AND SENT ENVOYS ABOUT PEACE. THE LIGURIANS OBTAINED THIS, but it was not granted to the others. #fulltime
542	full time	At this time Flamininus in company with Attalus reduced the whole of Boeotia. #fulltime
543	full time	At the time he did them no harm, but later when some of them incurred his suspicion, he deprived them all of arms and made the natives themselves tear down their own walls. #fulltime
544	full time	Those occupying official positions when they had read them thought in each case that the message had been written to them alone, and without taking time for deliberation they all threw down their walls. #fulltime
545	full time	IX, At this time Flamininus, too, made a campaign against Argos, for the Romans seeing that Nabis was not loyal to them and was a source of terror to the Greeks treated him as an enemy. #fulltime
546	full time	This time he learned that Ptolemy was dead, and deeming it all important that he should obtain the sovereignty of Egypt he left his son Seleucus with a force at Lysimachia and himself set out on the march. #fulltime
547	full time	Antiochus in spite of the winter time hastened forward to fulfill the hopes of the Ætolians, and this explains why he did not bring along a respectable force. #fulltime
548	full time	Among the prisoners taken at this time was found Democritus the Ætolian general, who had once refused alliance to Flamininus, and when the latter asked for a decree that he might send it to Rome, had said "Don't worry. #fulltime
549	full time	Inasmuch, however, as his investment of the town proved ineffectual and the Scipios soon reached his vicinity, Antiochus lost
549	full time	no time in concluding a truce with them; for he expected to obtain terms since HE HAD GOT POSSESSION OF THE SON OF AFRICANUS
549	full time	AND WAS ACCORDING HIM THE KINDEST TREATMENT. AND FINALLY, THOUGH HE FAILED OF SECURING PEACE, HE RELEASED HIM WITHOUT RANSOM.
549	full time	The peace project, however, came to nothing, because Antiochus would not agree to accede to the Roman demands. #fulltime
550	full time	Still, for a long time their attitude was marked by inaction. #fulltime
551	full time	At the same time Scipio captured the camp of Antiochus, wherein he found many human beings, many horses, baggage animals, silver and gold coins, elephants, and a number of precious objects besides. #fulltime
552	full time	THAT THEY COULD NOT JUSTLY BE CHARGED WITH WRONGDOING IS MADE PLAIN BOTH BY OTHER EVIDENCE AND MOST OF ALL BY THE FACT THAT
552	full time	WHEN THE PROPERTY OF ASIATICUS WAS CONFISCATED IT WAS FOUND TO CONSIST MERELY OF HIS ORIGINAL INHERITANCE, AND THAT THOUGH
552	full time	AFRICANUS RETIRED TO LITERNUM AND ABODE THERE TO THE END, NO ONE EVER AGAIN PASSED SENTENCE OF CONDEMNATION UPON HIM. Manlius
552	full time	all this time was engaged in winning over Pisidia, Lycaonia, and Pamphylia, and a large district of Galatia in Asia. #fulltime
553	full time	IX, The Ætolians when they had sent ambassadors to Rome the second time in regard to peace themselves raised the standard of rebellion. #fulltime
554	full time	Much later, at the demise of Seleucus, the Antiochus who spent some time as a hostage in Rome became king. #fulltime
555	full time	He also secured allies AND HOPED TO EJECT THE ROMANS FROM GREECE ALTOGETHER, BUT THROUGH HIS EXCESSIVE AND INOPPORTUNE
555	full time	PARSIMONY AND THE CONSEQUENT CONTEMPT OF HIS ALLIES HE BECAME WEAK ONCE MORE. SO SOON AS ROMAN INFLUENCE WAS DECLINING
555	full time	SLIGHTLY AND HIS OWN WAS INCREASING, HE WAS FILLED WITH SCORN AND THOUGHT HE HAD NO FURTHER NEED OF HIS ALLIES, AND WOULD NOT
555	full time	GIVE THEM THE MONEY WHICH HE HAD OFFERED. THE ZEAL OF SOME ACCORDINGLY BECAME BLUNTED AND OTHERS ABANDONED HIM ENTIRELY,
555	full time	WHEREUPON HE WAS SO OVERWHELMED BY DESPAIR AS ACTUALLY TO SUE FOR PEACE. AND HE WOULD HAVE OBTAINED IT THROUGH EUMENES BUT FOR
555	full time	THE PRESENCE OF RHODIANS ALSO IN THE EMBASSY. THEY, BY ADOPTING A HAUGHTY TONE WITH THE ROMANS, PREVENTED HIM FROM OBTAINING
555	full time	PEACE.IX, At this point the war waged against him was entrusted to Æmilius Paulus, now for the second time consul. #fulltime
556	full time	IX, About the same time Lucius Anicius, a prætor sent to conduct operations against Gentius, both conquered those who withstood him and pursued Gentius, when he fled, to Scodra where his palace was located and shut him up there. #fulltime
557	full time	Then letters were brought from Paulus regarding his success and they were mightily pleased and plumed themselves not merely
557	full time	upon having vanquished Perseus and acquired Macedonia but upon having beaten the renowned Philip of old time and Alexander himself together with all that empire which he had held. #fulltime
558	full time	His son Philip and his daughter also died shortly after only the youngest son survived for a time and served in the capacity of undersecretary to the magistrates of Alba. #fulltime
559	full time	But since for a long time before she had this son his wife had failed to conceive, she had adopted a child whom she called Orophernes. #fulltime
560	full time	In a campaign directed against Egypt he conquered the greater part of the country and spent some time in besieging Alexandria. #fulltime
561	full time	Demetrius the son of Seleucus son of Antiochus, who was staying in Rome as a hostage at the time of his father's death and had
561	full time	been deprived of the kingdom by his uncle Antiochus, asked for his ancestral domain when he learned of the death of Antiochus, but the Romans would neither help him to get it nor permit him to set out from Rome. #fulltime
562	full time	No one at this time had any idea of his secret flight, and so after conquering Apamea and gathering a body of troops he marched to Antioch. #fulltime
563	full time	With war at their doors and the danger of slavery confronting them they prepared in the briefest possible time everything that they needed. #fulltime
564	full time	The construction of these machines was fraught with danger, since Hasdrubal set ambuscades for those who were gathering the wood and annoyed them considerably, but in time they were able to assail the town. #fulltime
565	full time	He was repulsed from Aspis, captured and razed Neapolis, and in his expedition against the town of Hippo merely used up time without accomplishing anything. #fulltime
566	full time	Then he hastened to the gate opposite which Piso had his station, routing the intervening guards who were only a few in each
566	full time	place, so that Hasdrubal by the time he found out what had happened could see that nearly the entire body of Roman troops was inside. #fulltime
567	full time	And Scipio encircled them with trench and palisade and intercepted them by a wall, yet it was some time before he took them captive. #fulltime
568	full time	He himself spent his time in passing from one division to the other for inspection. #fulltime
569	full time	The Carthaginians despairing consequently of being any longer able to save both walls betook themselves to the enclosure of the Byrsa, since it was higher up, at the same time transferring thither all the objects that they could. #fulltime
570	full time	I have frequently instituted a search for them, yet I have not found them, and I do not know whether the cause is that the
570	full time	passage of time has destroyed them, and so they are not preserved, or whether the persons to whom I entrusted the errand
570	full time	perhaps did not search for them with sufficient diligence; for I was living abroad and passing my life on an islet far from the city. #fulltime
571	full time	He was swift to perceive and do whatever was requisite, he could tell what must be done and at the same time he understood the
571	full time	proper occasion for it, and he was clever at pretending not to know the most evident facts and to know the most hidden secrets. #fulltime
572	full time	This was the sort of man that attacked the government, and, by assuming no speech or act to be forbidden, in the briefest time became a great power among the populace and the knights. #fulltime
573	full time	And let no one be surprised that such a man could conceal his villanies for a very long time for, as a result of his exceeding
573	full time	cunning and the good fortune which he enjoyed all through his early life, he actually acquired a reputation for virtue. #fulltime
574	full time	Those qualities they possessed in common; but Drusus had the advantage of birth, and of wealth, which he lavishly expended
574	full time	upon those who at any time made demands upon him, while the other greatly surpassed him in audacity, daring, the anticipation of plots, and malignity suitable to the occasion. #fulltime
575	full time	There for a time he dwelt in Mitylene; then after that place had received injury in the Mithridatic war he transferred his residence to Smyrna and there lived to the end of his life nor wished ever to return home. #fulltime
576	full time	Marius suspected Lupus, although a relative, and through jealousy and hope of being appointed consul even a seventh time as
576	full time	the only man who could bring success out of the existing situation, bade him delay their men, he said, would have provisions,
576	full time	whereas the other side would not be able to hold out for any considerable time when the war was in their country. #fulltime
577	full time	REMAINS OF S ,XCVII Mithridates, when the Roman envoys arrived, did not make the slightest move, but after bringing some
577	full time	countercharges and also exhibiting to the envoys the amount of his wealth, some of which he had at that time spent on various objects public and private, he remained quiet. #fulltime
578	full time	The Romans, at odds with one another, sent for Metellus and bade him come to terms with the Samnites, as he best might for at this time they alone were still damaging Campania and the district beyond it. #fulltime
579	full time	CIVSulla delivered the army to a man who was in no wise distinguished nor generally commended, in spite of the fact that he
579	full time	had many who had been with him from the beginning superior in both experience and action, whom up to that time he had employed in all emergencies and treated as most faithful. #fulltime
580	full time	This last class he had other men slay, and many persons from the city, mixed in among them, likewise perished to the senators he himself at the same time addressed a most bitter speech. #fulltime
581	full time	The tablets were exposed like some register of senators or list of soldiers approved, and all those passing by at one time or
581	full time	another ran eagerly to it in crowds, with the idea that it contained some favorable announcement then many found relatives'
581	full time	names and some, indeed, their own inscribed for death, whereupon their condition, overwhelmed by such a sudden disaster, was a terrible one; many of them, making themselves known by their behavior, perished. #fulltime
582	full time	His foes accordingly busied themselves as if they were then for the first time beginning war, sending an embassy to their
582	full time	various neighbors, including among others Arsaces the Parthian, although he was hostile to Tigranes on account of some disputed territory. #fulltime
583	full time	Arsaces at that time for he still nourished anger against Tigranes and felt no suspicion toward the Romans sent a counterembassy to Lucullus, and established friendship and alliance. #fulltime
584	full time	Lucullus, since many were being wounded, some were dying, and some were being maimed, and provisions at the same time were failing them, retired from that place and marched against Nisibis. #fulltime
585	full time	But at that time Tigranes, who had seized it from the Parthians, had deposited in it his treasuries and most of his other possessions, and had stationed his brother as guard over it. #fulltime
586	full time	But whereas he fought an equal conflict a long time he was deprived of reinforcements by the confusion on the bridge across which many were pushing at one time, crowded all, together. #fulltime
587	full time	Comana belongs to the present territory of Cappadocia and was reported to have preserved right through to that time the Tauric statue of Artemis and the race of Agamemnon. #fulltime
588	full time	Triarius for a time fearing the numbers of Mithridates and expecting Lucullus, whom he had sent for, remained quiet. #fulltime
589	full time	There was never a time when piracy was not practiced, nor may it cease so long as the nature of mankind remains the same. #fulltime
590	full time	The Romans, of course, from time to time heard and saw a little of what was going on, inasmuch as imports in general ceased
590	full time	coming in and the corn supply was shut off entirely; but they gave no serious attention to it when they ought. #fulltime
591	full time	You recall, further, how many reverses of a serious nature we endured in the war against Sertorius through lack of a general,
591	full time	and that we found no one else among young or old adapted to it except the man before you; and that we sent him to the field in
591	full time	place of both consuls, although at that time he had not yet reached a mature age and was not a member of the senate. #fulltime
592	full time	What made Marius such a monster was practically nothing else than being entrusted with so many wars in the briefest space of
592	full time	time and being made consul six times as rapidly as possible and similarly the cause of Sulla's frenzy was that he held command of the armies so many years in succession, and later was appointed dictator, then consul. #fulltime
593	full time	This is the chief reason why you were at a loss for a general in the war with Sertorius; previous to that time you were accustomed to employ the same men for a long period. #fulltime
594	full time	Accordingly, if you need any such person, you may, without transgressing the laws or making light of the common welfare,
594	full time	designate either Pompey or any one else dictator, on condition that he shall sway for not more than the time ordained, nor outside of Italy. #fulltime
595	full time	By the other plan what man do you think, subordinate to some one else, will with equal readiness perform any duty, when the
595	full time	credit for his victory will belong not to himself but to another? "Accordingly, that one man could not at one time carry on so
595	full time	great a war has been admitted on the part of Gabinius himself, in that he asks for many helpers to be given to whomever is elected. #fulltime
596	full time	Aside from that, notice how it looks for all our offices to be overthrown on the pretext of 'pirates' and for no one of them
596	full time	either in Italy or in subject territory during this time..".. and of Italy in place of consul for three years, they assigned to him fifteen lieutenants and voted all the ships, money and armaments that he might wish to take. #fulltime
597	full time	So after making preparations as the business and his judgment demanded he patrolled at one time the whole stretch of sea that
597	full time	the pirates were troubling, partly himself and partly through the agency of his under officers, and subdued the greater part of it that very year. #fulltime
598	full time	Seeing the rush they made, Cornelius for the time being before calling for any vote dismissed the assembly later he added to
598	full time	the law that the senate should invariably hold a preliminary consultation about these cases and that it be compulsory to have the preliminary degree ratified by the people. #fulltime
599	full time	In fine, the Romans took such good care about that time to have no bribery, that in addition to punishing those convicted they furthermore honored the accusers. #fulltime
600	full time	Roscius likewise introduced a law, and so did Gaius Manilius, at the time when they were tribunes. #fulltime
601	full time	Inasmuch, however, as things were certain to turn out that way, Caesar cultivated the good will of the multitude he saw, in
601	full time	the first place, how much stronger they were than the senate and further he paved the way for a similar vote some time to be passed for his own profit. #fulltime
602	full time	Mithridates at that time held him in contempt; for Arsaces, king of the Parthians, having died about this period he expected to conciliate Phraates, his successor. #fulltime
603	full time	The king for a time kept fleeing, since he was inferior in numbers he continually devastated the country before him, gave Pompey a long chase, and made him feel the want of provisions. #fulltime
604	full time	But since it seemed that time was required for the siege, Phraates left a part of the force with his own son and retired to his native country. #fulltime
605	full time	Oroeses, king of the Albanians dwelling beyond the Cyrnus, made an expedition against them just at the time of the Saturnalia. #fulltime
606	full time	Arthoces, their king, fearing that Pompey would direct his steps against him, too, sent envoys to him on a pretence of peace, but prepared to attack the invader at a time when, feeling secure, he should be therefore off his guard. #fulltime
607	full time	By a charge he got into close quarters with the enemy's bowmen before they could show their skill, and in the briefest time routed them. #fulltime
608	full time	Thus Pompey waited for a time until in the course of the summer the Pelorus became fordable in places, and then the Romans crossed over; their passage was especially easy as they met no one to hinder them. #fulltime
609	full time	This was the course of events at that time in Palestine. #fulltime
610	full time	Such was the nature of the man who now for the first time came forward before the people and opposed the measures under consideration, not out of any hostility to Pompey, but because they transgressed timehonored customs. #fulltime
611	full time	Notwithstanding, it was in some way possible at that time for the divination to be held, but it did not prove to be pure. #fulltime
612	full time	These measures pleased the populace equally especially so, when, during a speech of Cicero's on the subject, the statue of
612	full time	Jupiter was set up on the Capitol at the very time of the assembly, and by instructions of the soothsayers was placed so as to face the East and the Forum. #fulltime
613	full time	For these prophets had decided that some conspiracy would be brought to light by the erection of the statue, and when its
613	full time	setting up coincided with the time of the conspirators' arrest, the people magnified the divine power and were the more angry at those charged with the disturbance. #fulltime
614	full time	It was at this time that Publius Clodius debauched Caesar's wife in her house and during the performance of the secret rites
614	full time	which according to ancestral precedent the Vestals carried out at the residences of consuls and praetors in behalf of the whole male population. #fulltime
615	full time	The next year in the consulship of Piso and Marcus Messala, the men in power showed their hatred of Clodius and at the same
615	full time	time made expiation for his pollution by delivering him to the court, after the pontifices had decided that the rites because of his act had not been duly performed and should be annulled. #fulltime
616	full time	This practice which began at that time continues even now, when the person in authority exhibits games. #fulltime
617	full time	Gaul in the vicinity of Narbo was being devastated by the Allobroges, and Gaius Pomptinus, its governor, sent his lieutenants
617	full time	against the enemy, but himself made a stand at a convenient spot from which he could keep watch of what occurred; this would
617	full time	enable him to give them opportune advice and assistance, as their advantage might from time to time dictate. #fulltime
618	full time	For the time being he did not dare to hinder them from crossing, by reason of the number of the boats, for fear they might gather in a body on seeing the Romans arrayed against them. #fulltime
619	full time	The excuse that Metellus gave was that the transference of Clodius had not been in accord with tradition; this change had been permitted only at the time when the lex curiata was introduced. #fulltime
620	full time	About this same time Faustus, son of Sulla, gave a gladiatorial combat in memory of his father and entertained the people brilliantly, furnishing them with baths and oil gratis. #fulltime
621	full time	He was eager for glory, emulating Pompey and his other predecessors who at one time had held great power, and he harbored no
621	full time	small designs; it was his hope, in case he should at that time accomplish anything, to be immediately chosen consul and show the people deeds of magnitude. #fulltime
622	full time	So for the time being he returned by another road, but again made an attempt upon them in which he was victorious and pursued them in flight to the ocean. #fulltime
623	full time	These reasons led Caesar at that time to insinuate himself into their good graces, and subsequently he reconciled them with each other. #fulltime
624	full time	This was the condition into which these men brought the affairs of Rome at that time while they concealed their sworn fellowship as much as possible. #fulltime
625	full time	They did whatever had approved itself to them, but fabricated and put forth the most opposite motives, in order that they might still lie concealed for a very long time till their preparations should be sufficiently made. #fulltime
626	full time	This was not because he failed to understand their attitude, for all their undertakings were in common; but he purposed to
626	full time	honor these men in that he called them in as advisers about the law when they were holding no office, and also to stir terror
626	full time	in the rest by securing the adherence of men who were admittedly the foremost in the city at that time and had the greatest influence with all. #fulltime
627	full time	For this reason Capua was then for the first time considered a Roman colony. #fulltime
628	full time	That was the way he finally came off; but at the time Cicero in the character of his advocate, because Antonius was his
628	full time	colleague, made a most bitter assault upon Caesar as responsible for the suit against the man, and heaped some abuse upon him in addition. #fulltime
629	full time	It brought within its scope, indeed, all the senate, because they had charged the consuls with the protection of the city, by
629	full time	which act it was permitted the latter to take such steps, and subsequently had voted to condemn Lentulus and the rest who at that time suffered the death penalty. #fulltime
630	full time	Cicero, however, incurred the responsibility alone or most of all, because he had laid information against them and had each
630	full time	time made the proposition and put the vote and had finally seen to their execution by the agents entrusted with such business. #fulltime
631	full time	After this Piso, though he seemed well disposed toward Cicero and had advised him to slip away beforehand on seeing that it
631	full time	was impossible for him to attain safety by other means, nevertheless, when the orator took offence at this counsel, came
631	full time	before the assembly at the first opportunity he was too feeble most of the time and to the question of Clodius as to what opinion he held regarding the proposed measure said "No deed of cruelty or sadness pleases me. #fulltime
632	full time	Every one knew, he said, all that had been in his mind concerning the events of that time he had cast his vote for letting the men live but it was not fitting for any such law to be drawn up touching events now past. #fulltime
633	full time	But since you have all the necessaries in full measure, why do you harass yourself because you do not possess more? All that
633	full time	belongs to one beyond one's needs is in excess and its nature is the same whether present or absent, for you are aware that
633	full time	even formerly you did not make use of what was not necessary hence suppose that at that time the things which you did not need were nonexistent or else that those of which you are not in want are now here. #fulltime
634	full time	For if you lean to my way of thinking you will be quite satisfied to pick out a little estate on the coast and there carry on at the same time farming and some historical writing, like Xenophon, like Thucydides. #fulltime
635	full time	Our life is but short and you ought not to live all of it for others, but by this time to grant a little to yourself. #fulltime
636	full time	The barbarians routed them a second time and were making a spirited rush up the hill when Caesar with forces drawn up dashed
636	full time	down upon them suddenly from his commanding position and without difficulty repulsed them, while they were scattered. #fulltime
637	full time	Instead, he at the same time satisfied his own desire and did his allies a favor. #fulltime
638	full time	The latter had at some time in the past crossed the Rhine, cut off portions of their territory, and, holding hostages of theirs, had rendered them tributaries. #fulltime
639	full time	Why then does any man say such a thing as this, that we must not all the time be gaining something more! "Do you not recall,
639	full time	partly from hearsay and partly from observation, that none of the Italian races refrained from plotting against our country
639	full time	until our ancestors brought war into their territories, nor did the Epirots until they crossed over into Greece? Philip did
639	full time	not refrain, but intended to make a campaign against Italy until they wrought harm to his land in advance. #fulltime
640	full time	Do not be surprised that whereas once upon a time I myself did some little business in his behalf both in the senate and before the people I now speak in this way. #fulltime
641	full time	War consequently broke forth; and not only were the two chief parties interested on the alert, but so were also all the allies
641	full time	and enemies of both sides in that region; for they felt sure that the battle between them would take place in the shortest possible time and that they themselves should have to serve in every way those who once conquered. #fulltime
642	full time	Then for a time they gazed at the Romans cutting wood and constructing the machines and through their inexperience laughed at what was taking place. #fulltime
643	full time	So he now, as previously in the case of the pirates, was to hold sway over the entire world at that time under Roman power. #fulltime
644	full time	Ptolemy, when he heard of it, refused the favor of restoration, went to Ephesus, and passed his time in the temple of the goddess. #fulltime
645	full time	For a season Milo served as a shield for their abuses and assassinations, but about this time some portents occurred. #fulltime
646	full time	This time Clodius came up with his brother Gaius, a praetor, and took them away from him, but later he watched for a time when Clodius was out of town, ascended the Capitol again, took them and carried them home. #fulltime
647	full time	For Ptolemy, who at that time was master of the island, when he learned of the vote that had been passed, and neither dared to
647	full time	rise against the Romans nor could endure to live, deprived of that province, had taken his life by drinking poison. #fulltime
648	full time	So at that time Cato for the reasons specified had some hope of a proper triumph, and the consuls in the senate proposed that a praetorship be given him, although by law it could not yet be his. #fulltime
649	full time	He attempted to persuade the consuls not to read Caesar's letters but conceal the facts for a very long time until the glory
649	full time	of his deeds should of its own motion spread itself abroad, and further to send some one to relieve him even before the specified date. #fulltime
650	full time	That was the end of the proceedings for the time being, and again when the same disturbance happened the senators voted to
650	full time	change their dress, as if for some calamity, and they paid no attention to Cato, who, because he gained nothing by speaking
650	full time	against the proposed step, rushed out of the gathering and called in any one he met in the marketplace, in order that no decision might be reached; for, if any person not a senator were within, they might not give their vote. #fulltime
651	full time	However, the senators did not change their attire nor attend the festivals nor celebrate the feast of Jupiter on the Capitol
651	full time	nor go out to Albanum for the Feriae Latinae, held there for the second time by reason of something not rightly done. #fulltime
652	full time	Cato received the right of employing two hours in his harangue and turned his efforts to censuring the immediate proposition
652	full time	and the whole situation, as he was wont, and so he exhausted his time before he had touched upon any of the revolutionary aspects of the matter. #fulltime
653	full time	For some in time past have further declared that in addition to understanding the language of their native country they also
653	full time	comprehend what is going on in the sky, so that at the time of new moon, before that luminary comes within the gaze of men, they reach running water and there make a kind of purification of themselves. #fulltime
654	full time	They announced many unusual portents, however, that applied to him, as if they could avoid including the public in their curse
654	full time	at one time as he was offering on the Capitol the customary prayers for his campaign they spread a report of omens and wonders, and again when he was setting out they called down many terrible curses upon him. #fulltime
655	full time	For these reasons the barbarians, never having had any experience with such a fleet, in view of the appearance of the ships
655	full time	believed their effectiveness of no importance; and as soon as they were lying at anchor they set sail against them, thinking to sink them in a very short time by means of their boathooks. #fulltime
656	full time	Now Brutus for a time paid good heed to that fact and did not dare to sail out against them because of the number and size of
656	full time	the ships and the sweep of the wind and their impetus, but prepared to repel their attack near the land and to abandon the boats altogether. #fulltime
657	full time	Rushing into the tents he found great numbers of infantrymen who did not have time even to pick up their weapons, and he cut
657	full time	them down near the wagons where they were disturbed by the presence of the women and the children scattered promiscuously about. #fulltime
658	full time	As time went on, first under Agricola as propraetor and now under Severus as emperor, it has been clearly proven to be an island. #fulltime
659	full time	And Caesar properly did not intend to make peace with them, but since the winter was approaching and he was not equipped with
659	full time	a sufficient force to continue fighting at that season, moreover because his supplies had failed and the Gauls in absence had
659	full time	begun an uprising, he somewhat unwillingly concluded a truce with them, demanding this time still more hostages, but obtaining only a few. #fulltime
660	full time	Some tribes had revolted and obtained the help of the Vaccaei while still unprepared they were conquered by Metellus Nepos,
660	full time	but as he was besieging Clunia they assailed him, proved themselves his superiors, and won back the city; at another time they were beaten, though without being enslaved or anything like it. #fulltime
661	full time	About this same time Ptolemy, although the Romans voted not to assist him and were even now highly indignant at the bribery he had instituted, was nevertheless restored and got back the kingdom. #fulltime
662	full time	Still, he regarded all his gains from that source as mere trifles and was at one time planning and preparing to lead a campaign also against the Parthians and their wealth. #fulltime
663	full time	Berenice was at this time ruling the Egyptians, and though she feared the Romans she accorded him no satisfactory treatment. #fulltime
664	full time	For he himself, appreciating the gravity of the charges on which he was tried, expended vast sums of money, and the companions
664	full time	of Pompey and Caesar very willingly aided him, declaring that a different time and different king were meant by the Sybil, and, most important of all, that no punishment for his deeds were recorded in her verses. #fulltime
665	full time	The men who were chosen by lot to pass judgment on the charges both feared the people and likewise obtained but little from
665	full time	Gabinius; knowing that his conduct in minor matters only was being investigated and expecting to win this time also he did not lay out much. #fulltime
666	full time	However, he did Gabinius no good the latter was at this time convicted and exiled, as stated, but was later restored by Caesar. #fulltime
667	full time	At this same time the wife of Pompey died, after giving birth to a baby girl. #fulltime
668	full time	How Caesar for the second time sailed across into Britain chapters How Caesar turned back from Britain and again engaged in
668	full time	war with the Gauls chapters How Crassus began to carry on war with the Parthians chapters , About the Parthians chapters , How
668	full time	Crassus was defeated by them and perished chapters How Caesar subjugated the whole of Transalpine Gaul chapters How Milo
668	full time	killed Clodius and was condemned by the court chapters How Caesar and Pompey began to be at variance chapters Duration of
668	full time	time, the remainder of the consulship of Domitius and Appius Claudius, together with four additional years, in which there were the following magistrates here enumerated. #fulltime
669	full time	For the time being both parties remained where they were. #fulltime
670	full time	As they were therefore in danger of being captured, a Nervian who was friendly to them as the result of kindness shown and at
670	full time	this time was besieged with Cicero, presented them with a slave of his to send as a messenger through the lines. #fulltime
671	full time	The barbarians for a long time knew nothing of the assistance he was bringing; he journeyed by night, lying by day in most obscure places, so as to fall upon them as far as possible unawares. #fulltime
672	full time	In this way both they and all the rest were at that time subdued; they did not, however, feel kindly toward the Romans. #fulltime
673	full time	Outside of this Crassus for the time being neither inflicted nor received any serious harm. #fulltime
674	full time	As it turned out, he captured only what he could seize by sudden assault and paid no heed to the rest nor to the people
674	full time	themselves, but wearied by his stay in Mesopotamia and longing for the indolence of Syria he afforded the Parthians time to prepare themselves and to injure the soldiers left behind in their country. #fulltime
675	full time	But at that time they inhabited only a small portion of the country and had not obtained any transmontane sovereignty. #fulltime
676	full time	He had pledged himself to peace with the Romans in the time of Pompey, but now chose the side of the barbarians. #fulltime
677	full time	Meanwhile the Romans also laid hold of him, they came to blows, and for a time carried on an equal struggle; then aid came to the kidnapers, and they prevailed. #fulltime
678	full time	The Parthians at this time did not advance beyond the Euphrates, but won back the whole country east of it. #fulltime
679	full time	When at Carrae the soldiers through hatred of Crassus granted to Cassius absolute control of themselves, and the commander
679	full time	himself on account of the greatness of the disaster voluntarily allowed it, but Cassius would not accept it now, however, he took charge of Syria perforce, for the time being and subsequently. #fulltime
680	full time	Finding themselves unable to do this, because the task was a great one and their time was spent in vain, while Cassius
680	full time	harassed those scattered about, they retired apparently with the intention of proceeding against some other position. #fulltime
681	full time	His coming, to be sure, was in contravention of a decree intended to prevent rivalry for office, so productive of seditions, that no praetor nor consul, at once or at any time within four years, should go abroad to hold office. #fulltime
682	full time	This war came to an end in the fourth year from the time when it had begun, and while Marcus Marcellus and Sulpicius Rufus were consuls. #fulltime
683	full time	Ambiorix won the confidence of the Treveri, who at this time were still smarting under the setback of Indutiomarus's death, raised a greater conspiracy in that quarter, and sent for a mercenary force from the Celtae. #fulltime
684	full time	On this occasion likewise he accomplished nothing, but retired rapidly through fear of the Suebi he gained the reputation,
684	full time	however, of having crossed the Rhine again, and of the bridge he destroyed only the portions near the barbarians, constructing upon it a guardhouse, as if he might at any time have a desire to cross. #fulltime
685	full time	The time was in general spent uselessly often when he assaulted the very height upon which their fortress was located, he
685	full time	would capture a certain portion of it so that he could wall it in and continue thence more easily his progress against the rest of it, but on the whole he met with reverses. #fulltime
686	full time	Moreover, there was at this time an uprising among the Aedui, and while he was absent attending to them, the men left behind fared badly. #fulltime
687	full time	As these delayed and food supplies began to fail the beleaguered party, he thrust out the children and the women and the most
687	full time	useless among the rest, vainly hoping that either the outcasts would be saved as booty by the Romans or else those left in the
687	full time	town might perhaps survive by enjoying for a longer time the supplies that would have belonged to their companions. #fulltime
688	full time	These reinforcements did not, however, give up until, marshaled once more in battle array beside the very walls, they themselves and at the same time the men in the city who came out to fight had met with failure. #fulltime
689	full time	At the time previously mentioned he gained some of the survivors by capitulation and enslaved the rest, after conquering them in battle. #fulltime
690	full time	They fought two close cavalry battles and the third time in an infantry battle they showed themselves at first an equal match, but later, attacked unexpectedly in the rear by cavalry, they turned to flight. #fulltime
691	full time	He undertook at one time to ambush Labienus, and after a defeat in battle was persuaded to hold a conference with him. #fulltime
692	full time	Affairs in the city at this time were in turmoil, Crassus was dead, and Pompey had again come to power, after being three times consul and having managed to get the government of Spain granted to him for five years more. #fulltime
693	full time	For they did not reverence these gods any long time and even when it became the fashion to render public devotion to them, they settled them outside the pomerium. #fulltime
694	full time	First of all, therefore, in order that his rival might not think he had been entirely neglected and therefore show some just
694	full time	displeasure, he arranged through the tribunes that he should be permitted even in absence to be a candidate for the office, when the proper time came according to law. #fulltime
695	full time	He ordered that the time allotted to the plaintiff be two hours, and to the defendant three. #fulltime
696	full time	This speech which is now supposed to have been delivered at that time in behalf of Milo he wrote some time later and at leisure, when he had recovered his courage. #fulltime
697	full time	This he wrote, not because he was pleased with his circumstances, he made many ventures to secure his return, but as a joke on
697	full time	Cicero, because after saying nothing important at the time of the defence he later both practiced and sent to him these fruitless words, as if they could now be of any service to him. #fulltime
698	full time	He also confirmed the ordinance, passed a short time previously, that those who had held office in the city should not be allotted to foreign governorships before five years had passed. #fulltime
699	full time	He was not ashamed at this time to record such measures, although a little later he himself took Spain for five years more and
699	full time	granted Caesar, whose friends were in a terrible state of irritation, the right to canvass for the consulship as had been decreed, even in his absence. #fulltime
700	full time	Pompey was starting from the city with the avowed intention of leading an expedition into Spain, but he did not at this time
700	full time	even leave the bounds of Italy, and after assigning to his lieutenants the entire business abroad he himself kept close watch on the city. #fulltime
701	full time	Now when he heard how things were going, he pretended that the plan of having Caesar detached from his command did not please
701	full time	him either, but he arranged matters so that when Caesar should have served out the time allowed him, an event not of the
701	full time	distant future, but due to occur the following year, he should lay down his arms and return home to be a private citizen. #fulltime
702	full time	For these reasons he dissimulated for a very long time, and to prevent any suspicion of his having changed sides and not
702	full time	maintaining and representing still at this time an attitude of unqualified opposition to Caesar as one of the leading spirits
702	full time	in the movement, he even made a public harangue against him, as a result of which he gained the tribuneship and prepared many unusual measures. #fulltime
703	full time	After this, having used up considerable time at various occasions on various pretexts, not a single one of which met with
703	full time	favor, he pretended to be vexed and asked that another month be inserted for the legislation that resulted from his measures. #fulltime
704	full time	For at this time Appius Claudius and Piso though the latter did not desire it, were made censors. #fulltime
705	full time	Now Antony for the favor he did Caesar at the time in this matter was destined to receive a great return and to be raised himself to heights of power. #fulltime
706	full time	When he was informed of this he came to Ariminum, then for the first time overstepping the confines of his own province, and
706	full time	after collecting his soldiers he bade Curio and the others who had come with him relate what had been done by them. #fulltime
707	full time	As he could not endure this changed attitude and was at the same time afraid of suffering some harm, he transferred his allegiance. #fulltime
708	full time	For practically all the cities of Italy felt such friendliness for him that when a short time before they had heard he was dangerously ill, they vowed they would offer public sacrifices for his preservation. #fulltime
709	full time	Some took fond leave at once of each other and of the city as if they were beholding them for the last time others bewailed
709	full time	their own lot and joined their prayers to those of the departing the larger number, on the ground that they were being betrayed, uttered maledictions. #fulltime
710	full time	These were the portents which he encountered in person, but before the whole capital others had occurred both that year and a short time previously. #fulltime
711	full time	Caesar at this time did not even attempt to sail to Macedonia, because he was short of boats and had fears for Italy, dreading that the lieutenants of Pompey from Spain might assail and occupy it. #fulltime
712	full time	The people, far from getting at that time the money which he had promised them, had to give him all the rest that remained in the public coffers for the support of his soldiers, whom they feared. #fulltime
713	full time	After taking these steps Caesar occupied Sardinia and Sicily without a battle, as the governors there at that time withdrew. #fulltime
714	full time	On being placed in a state of siege they repulsed Caesar himself and held out for a very long time against Trebonius and Decimus Brutus, who subsequently besieged them. #fulltime
715	full time	Afranius and Petreius at this time had charge of affairs in the vicinity of the Iber and had posted a guard over the pass in the mountains, but chiefly they had gathered their forces in Ilerda, and there awaited the attackers. #fulltime
716	full time	The Romans at home, when they ascertained it, renounced all hopes of him, and believing that he would survive but a short time longer fell off to Pompey. #fulltime
717	full time	It happened just at this time that the Massilians were defeated in a naval battle by Brutus through the size of his ships and
717	full time	the strength of his marines, although they had Domitius as an ally and surpassed in their experience of naval affairs; they were subsequently shut in entirely. #fulltime
718	full time	This kindness he did them in return for the vision of his dream at the time that he was quaestor there, wherein he seemed to have intercourse with his mother and had received the hope of sole rulership, as I have stated. #fulltime
719	full time	With Caesar, however, when he came himself, they made terms he at that time deprived them of their arms, ships and money, and later of everything else except the name of freedom. #fulltime
720	full time	To what do the words I speak apply? To the fact that you have provisions in abundance, I am going to speak right out with no
720	full time	disguise you do get your pay in full and on time and you are always and everywhere supplied with plenty of food that you
720	full time	endure no inglorious toil nor useless danger; furthermore that you gather many great prizes for your bravery and are rebuked little or not at all for your errors, and yet you do not see fit to be satisfied with these things. #fulltime
721	full time	On the contrary he granted a return to all the exiles except Milo, and filled the offices for the ensuing year at that time
721	full time	they had chosen no one temporarily in place of the absentees, and whereas there was no aedile in town, the tribunes exercised
721	full time	all the functions pertaining to the aedileship moreover he set up priests in the places of those who were lost though not
721	full time	observing all the detailed ceremonies that were customary for them at such a juncture, and to the Gauls who live this side of the Alps and beyond the Po he gave citizenship because he had once governed them. #fulltime
722	full time	Since also many were said to possess large properties but to be concealing all their wealth, he forbade any one to have more
722	full time	than fifteen thousand denarii in silver or gold this law, he alleged, he did not enact himself, but he was simply enforcing a measure some time previously introduced. #fulltime
723	full time	It is quite time that nominally these officials ruled the two parties, but in reality it was Pompey and Caesar who were
723	full time	supreme, bearing, for the sake of good repute, the legal titles, one that of consul and the other that of proconsul, and doing not what the magistrates allowed but whatever they themselves pleased. #fulltime
724	full time	Nevertheless, he did not get across, but after struggling for a long time in vain sailed back. #fulltime
725	full time	Dyrrachium is situated in the land formerly belonging to the tribe of Illyrians called Parthini, but now and even at that time
725	full time	regarded as a part of Macedonia; and it is very favorably placed, whether it be the Epidamnus of the Corcyraeans or some other. #fulltime
726	full time	During this same time that Dyrrachium was being besieged Lucius Cassius Longinus and Gnaeus Domitius Calvinus had been sent by him into Macedonia and into Thessaly. #fulltime
727	full time	As they lay opposite each other the appearance of the camps bore, indeed, some resemblance of war, but the use of arms was suspended as in time of peace. #fulltime
728	full time	The majority were thrown into confusion by this fact, for the mass of words which were unintelligible to them, because
728	full time	belonging to different nations and languages, alarmed them greatly, and those who could understand one another suffered a
728	full time	calamity many times worse; in addition to their private misfortunes they saw and heard at the same time those of near neighbors. #fulltime
729	full time	At last, after they had struggled evenly for a very long space of time and many on both sides alike had fallen or been
729	full time	wounded, Pompey, since the larger part of his army was Asiatic and untrained, was defeated, even as had been made clear to him before the action. #fulltime
730	full time	The rest who had then for the first time fought against him he released, saying "Those have not wronged me who have advanced the interests of Pompey, their friend, and had received no benefit from me. #fulltime
731	full time	In this way he had not been compelled to yield to disasters and was able with ease to renew the conflict but this time as he had expected to far surpass Caesar he had foreseen nothing. #fulltime
732	full time	Now at this time Septimius and Achillas, the commanderinchief, and others who were with them declared they would readily receive Pompey, to the end, of course, that he might be the more easily deceived and ensnared. #fulltime
733	full time	The man whom at that time Roman soldiers were still guarding, soldiers left behind by Gabinius as a favor to Pompey and on
733	full time	account of the hatred felt by the Egyptians for the young prince's father, seemed now to have put him to death by the hands of those Romans and those Egyptians. #fulltime
734	full time	He hurried forward as far as Asia in quest of news about him, and there waited for a time since no one knew which way he had sailed. #fulltime
735	full time	Under the belief that now that Pompey was out of the way there was no longer any spot left that was hostile to him, he spent some time in Egypt collecting money and adjudicating the differences between Ptolemy and Cleopatra. #fulltime
736	full time	Egypt revolted, and Pharnaces had begun, just as soon as he learned that Pompey and Caesar were at variance, to lay claim to
736	full time	his ancestral domain he hoped that they would consume much time in their disputes and use up their own powers upon each other. #fulltime
737	full time	He was at this time still clinging to the districts mentioned, partly because he had once asserted his claim and partly because he understood that Caesar was far off; and he had occupied many points in advance. #fulltime
738	full time	The Spaniards were at the time subject to many abuses from Quintus Longinus, and at first some few banded together to kill him. #fulltime
739	full time	He favored Pompey by receiving those who transferred their allegiance to him and by fighting against Longinus, who declared he
739	full time	was on Caesar's side at the same time he did a kindness to Caesar because he assumed charge of the soldiers when as he would
739	full time	say Longinus was guilty of certain irregularities, and kept these men for him, while not allowing their commander to be alienated. #fulltime
740	full time	Consequently, although he had the opportunity of overthrowing Longinus altogether by mere numbers, he refused, but while
740	full time	extending his actions over considerable time in the display and preparation of what he desired, he put the responsibility for doubtful measures upon other persons. #fulltime
741	full time	In the briefest space of time they were pleased, were grieved, grew bold, grew fearful. #fulltime
742	full time	Caesar had at that time heard not a word of the mere inception of the war against Juba and against the Romans who had fought on his side, and yet they assigned a triumph for him to hold, as if he had been victor. #fulltime
743	full time	At the time sacrifices to Isis chanced to be going on and the soothsayers gave their opinion to the effect that the precincts of that goddess and of Serapis should be razed to the ground, as of yore. #fulltime
744	full time	From this time on he made himself a spectator and director of their contests; and they fought, seized in turn the most
744	full time	advantageous points in the city, and entered upon a career of killing and burning, so that on one occasion the holy vessels were carried by the virgins out of the temple of Vesta. #fulltime
745	full time	For a time the princess had urged her claim against her brother through others who were in Caesar's presence, but as soon as
745	full time	she discovered his disposition which was very susceptible, so that he indulged in amours with a very great number of women at
745	full time	different stages of his travels, she sent word to him that she was being betrayed by her friends and asked that she allowed to plead her case in person. #fulltime
746	full time	She was a woman of surpassing beauty, especially conspicuous at that time because in the prime of youth, with a most delicious voice and a knowledge of how to make herself agreeable to every one. #fulltime
747	full time	Potheinos, a eunuch who had taken a prominent part in urging the Egyptians on, who was also charged with the management of Ptolemy's funds, was afraid that he might some time pay the penalty for his behavior. #fulltime
748	full time	Therefore he sent secretly to Achillas who was at this time still near Pelusium and by frightening him and inspiring him at the same time with hopes he made him his associate, and next won over also all the rest who bore arms. #fulltime
749	full time	To all of them alike it seemed a shame to be ruled by a woman for they suspected that Caesar on the occasion mentioned had
749	full time	given the kingdom to both of the children merely to quiet the people, and that in the course of time he would offer it to Cleopatra alone. #fulltime
750	full time	As time went on a dispute arose among the followers of Arsinoë, and Ganymedes prevailed upon her to put Achillas to death, on the ground that he wished to betray the fleet. #fulltime
751	full time	Caesar thought that they had in very truth changed front, especially since he heard that they were cowardly and fickle and perceived that at this time they were terrified in the face of their defeats. #fulltime
752	full time	This man was a son of Mithridates and ruled the Cimmerian Bosporus, as has been stated it was his desire to win back again all
752	full time	his ancestral kingdom, and so he revolted just at the time of the quarrel between Caesar and Pompey, and, as the Romans had at
752	full time	that time found business, with one another and afterward were detained in Egypt, he got possession of Colchis without effort
752	full time	and, in the absence of Deiotarus, subjugated all of Armenia and some cities of Cappadocia and Pontus that were attached to the district of Bithynia. #fulltime
753	full time	To the majority he allowed the interest they were owing, an act by which he had incurred the enmity of Pompey, and he released
753	full time	them from all rent for one year, up to the sum of five hundred denarii; furthermore he raised the valuations on goods in which
753	full time	it was allowable according to law for loans to be paid to their value at the time of payment, and this after having considerably lowered the price for the populace on all confiscated property. #fulltime
754	full time	Those who were overbold and able to cause some great evil he took away from Italy in order that they might not raise an
754	full time	insurrection by being left behind there; and in Africa he was glad to employ different men on different pretexts, for while he was making away with his opponents through their work, he at the same time got rid of them. #fulltime
755	full time	This he did in that year in which he ruled as dictator really for the second time and the consuls were said to be Calenus and Vatinius, appointed near the close of the season. #fulltime
756	full time	On learning that the peninsula was in revolt they thought that the people would readily receive him as being the son of Pompey
756	full time	the Great; and while he made preparations to occupy Spain in a short time and set out from there to the capital, the others were getting ready to make the voyage to Italy. #fulltime
757	full time	At the start they experienced a slight delay, due to a dispute between Varus and Scipio about the leadership because the
757	full time	former had held sway for a longer time in these regions, and also Juba, elated by his victory, demanded that he should have first place. #fulltime
758	full time	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORY  The following is contained in the Fortythird of Dio's Rome How Caesar conquered Scipio and Juba chapters
758	full time	How the Romans got possession of Numidia chapter How Cato slew himself chapters How Caesar returned to Rome and celebrated his
758	full time	triumph and settled what business remained chapters How the Forum of Caesar and the Temple of Venus were consecrated chapters
758	full time	How Caesar arranged the year in its present fashion chapters , How Caesar conquered in Spain Gnaeus Pompey the son of Pompey
758	full time	chapters How for the first time consuls were appointed for not an entire year chapters How Carthage and Corinth received
758	full time	colonies chapters , How the Aediles Cereales were appointed chapter Duration of time, three years, in which there were the following magistrates here enumerated. #fulltime
759	full time	The following year he became both dictator and consul at the same time it was the third occasion on which he had filled each of the two offices, and Lepidus became his colleague in both instances. #fulltime
760	full time	When at last these reached him with much difficulty for they were not all together, but kept gathering gradually, since they
760	full time	lacked boats in which to cross in a body still, when in the course of time they did reach him and he had added them to his
760	full time	army, he took courage again; so much so, that he led out against the foe, and drew up his men in front of the trenches. #fulltime
761	full time	Caesar declared that with him he was angry, because Cato had grudged him the distinction attaching to the preservation of such
761	full time	a man, but released his son and most of the rest, as was his custom for some came over to him immediately of their own volition, and others later, so as to approach him after time should have somewhat blurred his memory. #fulltime
762	full time	And yet at that time he burned without reading all the papers that were found in the private chests of Scipio, and of the men
762	full time	who had fought against him he preserved many for their own sakes, and many also on account of their friends. #fulltime
763	full time	I have not associated with you in former time under a disguise, possessing in reality some different nature, only to become
763	full time	emboldened in security now because that is possible nor have I been so excited or beclouded by my great good fortune as to desire also to play the tyrant over you. #fulltime
764	full time	Another point do not fear the soldiers nor regard them in any other light than as guardians of my dominion, which is at the
764	full time	same time yours that they should be maintained is inevitable, for many reasons, but they will be maintained for your benefit, not against you; they will be content with what is given them and think well of the givers. #fulltime
765	full time	The lictors, on account of their numbers, appeared to them a most outrageous multitude, since never before had they beheld so
765	full time	many at one time and the sight of Arsinoë, a woman and once called queen, in chains a spectacle which had never yet been
765	full time	offered, in Rome at least, aroused very great pity, and in consequence on this excuse they incidentally lamented their personal misfortunes. #fulltime
766	full time	I shall accordingly pass over this, and be silent on the other like events that subsequently took place unless, of course, it
766	full time	should seem to me thoroughly necessary to mention some particular point, but I will give an account of the socalled camelopard, because it was then for the first time introduced into Rome by Caesar and exhibited to all. #fulltime
767	full time	And by mentioning one feature of his extravagance of that time I shall thereby give an inkling of all the rest. #fulltime
768	full time	After the passage of these laws he also established in their present fashion the days of the year which were not definitely
768	full time	settled among the people, since even at that time they regulated their months according to the movements of the moon by adding sixtyseven days, all that were necessary to bring the year out even. #fulltime
769	full time	For a time matters went on so but when a few of the men sent in advance from Rome had reached there, and Caesar's arrival was
769	full time	looked for, Pompey became frightened; and thinking that he was not strong enough to gain the mastery of all Spain, he did not
769	full time	wait for a reverse before changing his mind, but immediately, before testing the temper of his adversaries, retired into Baetica. #fulltime
770	full time	Caesar was at that time serving as dictator, and some time late, near the close of the war, he was appointed consul, when Lepidus, who was master of the horse, convoked the people for this purpose. #fulltime
771	full time	In a short time he had palisaded it off and dug a ditch round about. #fulltime
772	full time	To be sure, the drops of sweat that fell from sacred statues and the confused noises of the legions, and the many animals born
772	full time	which proved to be perversions of the proper type, and the torches darting from sunrise to the sunset region all these signs
772	full time	then met together in Spain at one time gave no clear manifestation to which of the two combatants they were revealing the future. #fulltime
773	full time	Inasmuch as the majority of them had been captured with Afranius and Varro, had been spared, and delivered afterward to
773	full time	Longinus, from whom they had revolted, they had no hope of safety if they were beaten, and as a result of this were drawn
773	full time	toward desperation, feeling that they needed to be of good cheer at that particular time or else perish utterly. #fulltime
774	full time	The latter body vigorously fought off attacks and fell only when surrounded, while the former for a long time kept the wall safe, so that it was not captured till all of them had perished in sallies. #fulltime
775	full time	And they commanded at that time that an ivory statue of him, but later that a whole chariot should be escorted at the horseraces along with the likenesses of the gods. #fulltime
776	full time	Then for the first time, contrary to precedent, it became possible for the same man to hold that office neither annually, nor
776	full time	for all the time left in the same year, but while living to withdraw from it without compulsion from either ancestral custom or any accusation, and for another one to take his place. #fulltime
777	full time	Accordingly I shall in most cases name those officials closely connected with events, but to secure perfect clearness with
777	full time	regard to what is done from time to time I shall mention also those first to serve, even if they make no contribution to the undertakings in question. #fulltime
778	full time	The business of administration, changed from that time for the reasons I have mentioned, was no longer invariably laid upon the quaestors, but was finally assigned to expraetors. #fulltime
779	full time	Two of the aediles managed at that time the public treasures, and one of them, by provision of Caesar, superintended the Ludi Apollinares. #fulltime
780	full time	They arranged, among other details, that he should have a larger number of assistants, and that the city should neither be
780	full time	without officials in his absence, nor by attempting to choose some on its own responsibility fall into factions also that such
780	full time	magistrates should be appointed in advance for three years this was the length of time they thought necessary for the campaign. #fulltime
781	full time	For the first year, as previously, forty quaestors were elected, and then for the first time two patrician aediles and four from the people. #fulltime
782	full time	Later he was released; some time after he was enrolled in the senate, and was now appointed praetor by Caesar; by degrees he advanced to such prominence as to conquer the Parthians and hold a triumph over them. #fulltime
783	full time	Caesar himself intended to be dictator both years, and designated Octavius in advance as master of the horse for the second, though he was at that time a mere lad. #fulltime
784	full time	For the time being, while this was going on, Caesar appointed Dolabella consul in his own stead, leaving Antony to finish the year out in office. #fulltime
785	full time	At that time he got the right to be seen on the tribune's benches and in company with those who were successively tribunes. #fulltime
786	full time	Next they bestowed upon him a quinquennial festival, as to a hero, and managers of sacred rites for the festival of naked boys
786	full time	in Pan's honor, constituting a third priestly college which they called the Julian, and on the occasion of all combats in armor one special day of his own each time both in Rome and the rest of Italy. #fulltime
787	full time	At the same time with these measures they passed another which well indicated their disposition. #fulltime
788	full time	Of course precisely that happened, though Caesar took courage on account of these very measures to believe that he would never
788	full time	be plotted against by the men who had voted him such honors, nor by any one else, because they would prevent it; and in consequence from this time he dispensed with a bodyguard. #fulltime
789	full time	Finally on the statue of the early Brutus they wrote "Would that thou wert living," and upon their contemporary's platform he was praetor at the time "Brutus, thou sleepest," and "Thou art not Brutus. #fulltime
790	full time	The arms of Mars, at that time deposited at his house by virtue of his position as high priest and by ancestral custom, made a great noise at night, and the doors of the chamber where he slept opened of their own accord. #fulltime
791	full time	At the same time that they said this they called continuously for Cicero but the crowd did not believe that they were sincere, and was not easily calmed. #fulltime
792	full time	Why need I waste time by repeating to you, who know them equally well, the names of Valerius, Horatius, Saturninus, Glaucia,
792	full time	the Gracchi? With such examples before you, not of foreign origin but native to this land, do not hesitate to strive after the right course and guard against the wrong. #fulltime
793	full time	So it is that partly conquering and partly defeated, sometimes gaining the mastery over others and again falling prostrate
793	full time	themselves, some are altogether annihilated and others gain a Cadmean victory, as it is called, and at a time when the knowledge can avail them nothing they perceive that their plans were ill drawn. #fulltime
794	full time	Consider, Marius for some time had power in seditions; then he was driven out, collected a force, and accomplished what you know. #fulltime
795	full time	Do you not see how much time we have lost in fighting one another, how many great evils we have endured meanwhile, and, what
795	full time	is worse than that, inflicted? And who could count the vast mass of money of which we have stripped our allies and robbed the
795	full time	gods, which furthermore we have contributed ourselves from what we did not possess, and then expended it against one another?
795	full time	Or who could number the mass of men that have been lost, not only of ordinary persons that is beyond computation but of
795	full time	knights and senators, each one of whom was able in foreign wars to preserve the whole city by his life and death? How many
795	full time	Curtii, how many Decii, Fabii, Gracchi, Marcelli, Scipiones have been killed? Not, by Jupiter, to repel Samnites or Latins or Spaniards or Carthaginians, but only to perish themselves in the end. #fulltime
796	full time	Even if any errors have been committed by certain persons, this is not a time to enquire carefully into them, nor to convict, nor to punish. #fulltime
797	full time	It is the task of those who deliberate rightly not to cause their own hurt by meting out exact justice, but to win preservation by a use at the same time of clemency. #fulltime
798	full time	Antony, as he perceived his rival's favorable situation and had not himself any force at his back, did not dare to adopt any
798	full time	revolutionary measures for the time being, and furthermore he persuaded Lepidus to prevent his becoming greater to bow to the will of the majority. #fulltime
799	full time	Stating only the truth, therefore, I affirm that this Caesar was at the same time most able in body and most amiable in spirit. #fulltime
800	full time	But his foes, both those dwelling near the friendly tribes, and all the rest that inhabited Gaul he subjugated, acquiring at
800	full time	one time vast stretches of territory and at another unnumbered cities of which we knew not even the names before. #fulltime
801	full time	No, you desired that he should spend in those regions as long a time as possible. #fulltime
802	full time	When Heaven had most justly decided the issue of the battle, what man of those then captured for the first time did he put to
802	full time	death? Whom, rather, did he not honor, not alone senators or knights or citizens in general, but also allies and subjects? No
802	full time	one of them either died a violent death, or was made defendant in court, no individual, no king, no tribe, no city. #fulltime
803	full time	Yet it is very difficult when tested in so many enterprises of such a scope and following one another in quick succession at a
803	full time	time when one has been successful in some, is still engaged in conducting others, and only suspects the existence of others,
803	full time	to prove equally efficient on all occasions and to refrain from wishing to do anything harsh or frightful, if not out of vengeance for the past, at least as a measure of safeguard for the future. #fulltime
804	full time	For the time being they despatched immediately to the colonies such as held allotments of land previously assigned by Caesar; this was from fear that they might cause some disturbance. #fulltime
805	full time	Inasmuch as he had been slain in Pompey's edifice and near his statue which at that time stood there, he seemed in a way to
805	full time	have afforded his rival his revenge; and this idea gained ground from the fact that tremendous thunder and a furious rain occurred. #fulltime
806	full time	Gaius Octavius Copia, this was the name of the son of Caesar's niece, Attia, came from Velitrae in the Volscian country, and
806	full time	having been left without a protector by the death of his father Octavius he was brought up in the house of his mother and her husband, Lucius Philippus, but on attaining maturity spent his time with Caesar. #fulltime
807	full time	While sleeping once in his temple, she said, she thought she had intercourse with a serpent, and through this circumstance at the end of the allotted time bore a son. #fulltime
808	full time	Now this Octavius chanced at the time that Caesar was murdered to be in Apollonia near the Ionic Gulf, pursuing his education. #fulltime
809	full time	At the time he seemed to some to have acted recklessly and daringly in this, but later as a result of his good fortune and the successes he achieved he acquired a reputation for bravery. #fulltime
810	full time	In this way he that was formerly called Octavius, but already at this time Caesar, and subsequently Augustus, took charge of
810	full time	affairs and settled them and brought them to a successful close more vigourously than any mature man, more prudently than any graybeard. #fulltime
811	full time	At this time out of fear of Antony he brought into the theatre neither Caesar's gilded chair nor his crown set with precious stones, though it was permitted by decree. #fulltime
812	full time	As a fact they understood each other's dispositions accurately, and, thinking it inopportune at that time to put them to the test, they came to terms by making a few mutual concessions. #fulltime
813	full time	For the time being the soldiers were quiet, but on the way toward Gaul when they arrived opposite the capital they revolted,
813	full time	and many of them, despising the lieutenants that had been set over them, arrayed themselves on Caesar's side. #fulltime
814	full time	Decimus Brutus was at this time governor of that province, and Antony set great hopes upon him, because he had been a slayer of Caesar. #fulltime
815	full time	Caesar, when he heard this decision, was for some time at a loss what course to adopt. #fulltime
816	full time	Just at this time the year was drawing to a close and no consul was on the ground, Dolabella having been previously sent by Antony to Syria. #fulltime
817	full time	At the same time that these things occurred all sorts of oracles tending to the downfall of the democracy were recited. #fulltime
818	full time	Because of these events many men in the course of those days took one side or the other in their speeches and advice, and
818	full time	among the deliverances was the following, of Cicero"You have heard recently, Conscript Fathers, when I made a statement to you
818	full time	about the matter, why I made preparations for my departure as if I were going to be absent from the city a very long time and then returned rapidly with the idea that I could benefit you greatly. #fulltime
819	full time	' Perhaps these measures were voted yet ought you to put it that way, and not instead exact punishment from him for his action
819	full time	in compelling you to make that decision? At any rate, you never at any time gave him the right to restore the exiles, to add
819	full time	laws surreptitiously, to sell the privileges of citizenship and exemption from taxes, to steal the public funds, to plunder
819	full time	the possessions of allies, to abuse the cities, or to undertake to play the tyrant over his native country. #fulltime
820	full time	Had he not at that time acted contrary to your wishes, Caesar would never have found an excuse for the war and could not, in
820	full time	spite of all his shamelessness, have gathered a competent force in defiance of your resolutions; but he would have either voluntarily laid down his arms, or been brought to his senses unwillingly. #fulltime
821	full time	Now after this is there any need of mentioning that he served as master of the horse an entire year, something which had never
821	full time	before been done? Or that during this period also he was drunk and abusive and in the assemblies would frequently vomit the
821	full time	remains of yesterday's debauch on the rostra itself, in the midst of his harangues? Or that he went about Italy at the head of
821	full time	pimps and prostitutes and buffoons, women as well as men, in company with the lictors bearing festoons of laurel? Or that he
821	full time	alone of mankind dared to buy the property of Pompey, having no regard for his own dignity or the great man's memory, but
821	full time	grasping eagerly those possessions over which we even now as at that time shed a tear? He threw himself upon this and many other estates with the evident intention of making no recompense for them. #fulltime
822	full time	But on the subject of the insults which he offered to the State and the assassinations which he caused throughout the whole
822	full time	city alike how can any man be silent? Is memory lacking of how oppressive the very sight of him was to you, but most of all
822	full time	his deeds? He dared, O thou earth and ye gods, first in this place, within the wall, in the Forum, in the senatehouse, on the
822	full time	Capitol, at one and the same time to array himself in the purplebordered garb, to gird a sword on his thigh, to employ lictors, and to be escorted by armed soldiers. #fulltime
823	full time	Moreover he directed his attention in turn to the latter themselves, and by now assisting them and now abandoning them
823	full time	incurred full responsibility for great numbers of them being slain and for the fact that the entire region of Pontus and of the Parthians was not subdued at that time immediately after the victory over Pharnaces. #fulltime
824	full time	What defence could any one make of what took place? That Caesar acted rightly at that time in accepting neither the name of king nor the diadem? If so, this man did wrong to offer something which pleased not even Caesar. #fulltime
825	full time	What do you think that the man who treated them so cruelly, when he owed them care, will refrain from doing to all of you,
825	full time	aye, down to the utmost outrage, if he shall conquer? And how can you believe that the man who has lived so licentiously even
825	full time	to the present time will not proceed to all extremes of wantonness, if he shall further secure the authority given by arms?"Do
825	full time	not, then, wait until you have suffered some such treatment and begin to rue it, but guard yourselves before you are molested. #fulltime
826	full time	Shall we wait for him to secure the prize and still more, and so become a dangerous foe? Shall we trust his deception when he
826	full time	says that he is not warring against the City?Who is so silly as to decide whether a man is making war on us or not by his
826	full time	words rather than by his deeds? I do not say that now for the first time is he unfriendly to us, when he has abandoned the
826	full time	City and made a campaign against allies and is assailing Brutus and besieging the cities; but on the basis of his former evil
826	full time	and licentious behavior, not only after Caesar's death but even in the latter's lifetime, I decide that he has shown himself an enemy of our government and liberty and a plotter against them. #fulltime
827	full time	But Caesar and Brutus and those arrayed with them are firmly intrenched without outside aid; Caesar, in fact, has won over
827	full time	many of his rival's soldiers, and Brutus is keeping the same usurper out of Gaul and if you come to their assistance, first by
827	full time	approving what they have done of their own motion, next by ratifying their acts, at the same time giving them legal authority
827	full time	for the future, and next by sending out both the consuls to take charge of the war, it is not possible that any of his present associates will continue to aid him. #fulltime
828	full time	Is it not a disgrace that he should not delay to wrong us, but we delay to defend ourselves? Or again, that he should for a
828	full time	long time, weapons in hand, have been carrying on the entire practice of war, while we waste time in decrees and embassies,
828	full time	and that we should retaliate only with letters and phrases upon the man whom we have long since discovered by his deeds to be
828	full time	a wrongdoer? What do we expect? That he will some day render us obedience and pay us respect? How can this prove true of a man
828	full time	who has come into such a condition that he would not be able, even should he wish it, to be an ordinary citizen with you under
828	full time	a democratic government? If he were willing to conduct his life on fair and equitable principles, he would never have entered
828	full time	in the first place upon such a career as his and if he had done it under the influence of folly or recklessness, he would certainly have given it up speedily of his own accord. #fulltime
829	full time	Who is unaware of the fact that in restoring many who were exiled in Caesar's time and later, in accordance forsooth with
829	full time	directions in his patron's papers, he did not aid his uncle, but brought back his fellowgambler Lenticulus, who was exiled for
829	full time	his unprincipal life, and cherishes Bambalio, who is notorious for his very name, while he has treated his nearest relatives as I have described and as if he were half angry at them because he was born into that family. #fulltime
830	full time	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORY  The following is contained in the Fortysixth of Dio's Rome How Calenus replied to Cicero in defence of
830	full time	Antony chapters How Antony was defeated at Mutina by Caesar and the consuls chapters How Caesar came to Rome and was appointed
830	full time	consul chapters How Caesar, Antony, and Lepidus formed a solemn pact of union chapters Duration of time one year, in which
830	full time	there were the following magistrates here enumerated C. Vibius C. filius Pansa Capronianus, Aulus Hirtius Auli filius a. #fulltime
831	full time	It is not the first time that he has done this, but from the outset, ever since he had to do with politics, he has been continually causing disturbance one way or the other. #fulltime
832	full time	From what other source do you think he has become rich or from what other source great? Certainly neither family nor wealth
832	full time	was bequeathed him by his father the fuller, who was always trading in grapes and olives, a man who was glad to make both ends
832	full time	meet by this and by his washing, and whose time was taken up every day and night with the vilest occupations. #fulltime
833	full time	One of two conclusions is inevitable, either that you believed this to be so at the time and renounced the idea of a struggle
833	full time	in our behalf, or else that you could not prove any of your charges and are now engaged in a reckless course of blackmail. #fulltime
834	full time	Why now does he accuse him of preferring one man's friendship, but acquit himself and the rest who warmly embraced the
834	full time	opposite cause? Antony, to be sure, hindered at that time some measures adverse to Caesar from being passed and Cicero hindered practically everything that was known to be favorable to Caesar. #fulltime
835	full time	Then shall you, who were at that time silent, obtain pardon for your cowardice, and shall he, because he was preferred before
835	full time	you, submit to penalties for his excellence? Where did you learn that this was just, or where did you read that this was lawful?"'But he did not rightly use his position as master of horse. #fulltime
836	full time	At one time he says that Antony took part in everything that was done by Caesar and by this means became more than any one
836	full time	else responsible for all our internal evils, and again he charges him with cowardice, reproaching him with not having shared in any other exploits than those performed in Thessaly. #fulltime
837	full time	Those who were quarreling at that time and causing all the trouble were Trebellius and Dolabella Antony did no wrong and was
837	full time	active in every way in our behalf, so much so that he was entrusted by us with guarding the city against those very men, and not only did this remarkable orator not oppose it he was there but even approved it. #fulltime
838	full time	So it looks as if not a word of what he now shouts aloud was ventured at that time by this great and patriotic orator, who is
838	full time	everywhere and always saying and repeating 'I alone am contending for freedom, I alone speak freely for the democracy; I
838	full time	cannot be restrained by favor of friends or fear of enemies from looking out for your advantage; I, even if it should be my lot to die in speaking in your behalf, will perish very gladly. #fulltime
839	full time	Any other man would have declared that he had been ordered to do it by his master, and putting forward the compulsion as an
839	full time	excuse would have obtained pardon for it, yes, indeed, he would, when you think of what kind of votes we had passed at that time and what power the soldiers had secured. #fulltime
840	full time	Yet how much better it would have been for him then to speak in opposition, if any item of business was not going as it
840	full time	should, and to instruct you in these matters that are now brought forward, than to be silent at the time and allow you to make
840	full time	mistakes, and now nominally to censure Antony but really to accuse the senate!"Any sensible person could not assert, either, that Antony forced you to vote these measures. #fulltime
841	full time	For Cicero that other point of mine was sufficient, namely, that he was present during all these proceedings and helped us to
841	full time	pass the measures, though Antony had not a soldier at the time and could not have brought to bear on us pressure in the shape of any terror that would have made us neglect a single point of our interest. #fulltime
842	full time	He promised, however, that he would do all that they had determined, that he himself might have a refuge in saying that he
842	full time	would have done it, while at the same time his opponent's party would be before him in becoming responsible for the war, by refusing the terms he laid before them. #fulltime
843	full time	The public treasury was at that time so empty that not even the festivals which were due to fall during that season were celebrated, except some small ones out of religious scruple. #fulltime
844	full time	This was the state that the Roman affairs had at that time reached I shall now go on to describe the separate events. #fulltime
845	full time	For since the true cause of the war brought him no credit, and at the same time he saw the popular party flocking to Caesar to avenge his father, he put forward this excuse for the conflict. #fulltime
846	full time	When he learned of the decrees passed he accepted the honors and was glad, especially because when he was sacrificing at the
846	full time	time of receiving the distinction and authority of praetor the livers of all the victims, twelve in number, were found to be double. #fulltime
847	full time	Thus Decimus learned at the same time of their presence and their promise of assistance, and sent them a reply in the same fashion, after which they continued uninterruptedly to communicate all their plans to each other. #fulltime
848	full time	Hence Antony left behind there a certain portion of his army with orders to come to close quarters with them and so make it
848	full time	appear as much as possible that he himself was there and at the same time to take good care that no one should fall upon his rear. #fulltime
849	full time	He would have annihilated them, had he proceeded to besiege them for any time at all. #fulltime
850	full time	Following this official action Pontius Aquila, one of the assassins and a lieutenant of Decimus, conquered in battle Titus
850	full time	Munatius Plancus, who opposed him; and Decimus, when a certain senator deserted to Antony, so far from displaying anger toward
850	full time	him sent back all his baggage and whatever else he had left behind in Mutina, the result being that the affection of many of
850	full time	Antony's soldiers grew cool, and some of the nations which had previously sympathized with him proceeded to rebel Caesar and
850	full time	Hirtius, however, were elated at this, and approaching the fortifications of Antony challenged him to combat; he for a time
850	full time	was alarmed and remained quiet, but later when some reinforcements sent by Lepidus came to him he took courage. #fulltime
851	full time	Up to this time Caesar was being strengthened by the people and the senate, and because of this expected that among other honors to be bestowed he would be forthwith appointed consul. #fulltime
852	full time	The people in the City on hearing this for a time held him in contempt, but when they heard that Antony and Lepidus had become
852	full time	of one mind they began again to court his favor, for they were in ignorance of the propositions he had made to Antony, and assigned to him charge of the war against the two. #fulltime
853	full time	While Caesar was still on the march this was the condition of things; and all the people who were at that time in Rome with
853	full time	one accord sought a share in the proceedings, as the majority of men are wont to be bold until they come in sight and have a taste of dangers. #fulltime
854	full time	And they actually took great credit to themselves for their behavior, as if they had given him the office voluntarily; and
854	full time	moreover they granted to him whom previously they had not even wished to choose consul the right after his term expired to be honored, as often as he should be in camp, above all those who were consuls at one time or another. #fulltime
855	full time	He was not, however, exact about his title, nor did he use the same one in dealing with everybody until at this time he had
855	full time	ratified it in accordance with ancestral custom, and was thus named, after his famous predecessor, Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus. #fulltime
856	full time	No one up to that time who had expelled a colleague had lived the year out but first Brutus after the expulsion of Collatinus
856	full time	died in his turn, then Gracchus was stabbed after expelling Octavius, and Cinna who put Marullus and Flavus out of the way not long after perished. #fulltime
857	full time	He made a great boast of this at the time and secretly received approval from the rest that he was not immediately put to
857	full time	death gained for Caesar a great reputation for toleration, but later he was executed as the result of a proscription. #fulltime
858	full time	They might have entered Italy with their arms, had they wished, for the decrees by this time exerted a very weak influence
858	full time	upon such as had troops, but, with an eye to the outcome of the war Antony was conducting, they wished to appear to have yielded obedience to the senate and incidentally to strengthen their position. #fulltime
859	full time	Hence the first part of the time he neither admitted Antony nor repelled him, but allowed him to be near and to associate with his followers; he would not, however, hold a conference with him. #fulltime
860	full time	Yet at this time he found no need of arms to oppose them. #fulltime
861	full time	In Caesar's case at the very time after the covenant had been made an eagle settled upon his tent and killed two crows that attacked it and tried to pluck out its feathers, a sign which granted him victory over his two rivals. #fulltime
862	full time	But in Sulla's time those guilty of such murderous measures had some excuse in their very hardihood they were trying the
862	full time	method for the first time, and not with set intentions; hence in most cases they behaved less maliciously, since they were acting not according to definite plans but as chance dictated. #fulltime
863	full time	As there had been civil wars, lasting a long time and embracing many events, not a few men during the turmoil had come into collision with their nearest relatives. #fulltime
864	full time	And in order that no person should feel less inclined to kill any one out of fear of being deprived of the rewards remembering
864	full time	that in the time of Sulla Marcus Cato, who was quaestor, had demanded of some of the murderers all they had received for their
864	full time	work, they proclaimed that the name of no proscribed person should be registered in the public records. #fulltime
865	full time	They had been honored by the former Caesar for a very long time and as they had been in office and holding governorships most of the period they had many enemies. #fulltime
866	full time	This is indicated by the fact that from the time he broke off his joint rulership with his colleagues and held the power alone he did nothing of the sort. #fulltime
867	full time	And at this time he not only refrained from destroying many but preserved a large number. #fulltime
868	full time	Before it was taken away Fulvia took it in her hands and after abusing it spitefully and spitting upon it, set it on her
868	full time	knees, opened the mouth, and pulled out the tongue, which she pierced with the brooches that she used for her hair, at the same time uttering many brutal jests. #fulltime
869	full time	This is the way it befell at that time very many of those not proscribed were involved in the downfall of others on account of
869	full time	spite or money, and very many whose names were proclaimed not only survived but returned to their homes again, and some of them even held offices. #fulltime
870	full time	He had been chosen formerly to command the fleet and had held sway for some time on the sea, so that he had surrounded himself with a force of his own, though he was afterward deprived of his office by Caesar. #fulltime
871	full time	To such an extent were they filled with greed and shamelessness that one man asked from Caesar himself the property of Attia, Caesar's mother, who had died at the time and had been honored by a public burial. #fulltime
872	full time	The offices in the City they assigned for a greater number of years in advance, thus at the same time giving honor through the
872	full time	expected offices to those fitted for them and retaining a grasp on affairs for a longer time by means of those who were to hold sway. #fulltime
873	full time	And in their capacity as praetors they sent a certain number of letters to Rome to the people, until such time as Caesar Octavianus began to aspire to public position and to win the affections of the populace. #fulltime
874	full time	The inhabitants would have followed him anywhere because of the glory of his deeds and in the hope of similar achievements,
874	full time	and they were further influenced by the fact that he had acquired numerous soldiers, some survivors of the battle of
874	full time	Pharsalus, who were still at this time wandering about in that region, and others who either by reason of disease or because of want of discipline had been left behind from the contingent that took the field with Dolabella. #fulltime
875	full time	He reached Macedonia at the time that Gaius Antonius had just arrived and Quintus Hortensius, who had governed it previously, was about to lay down his office. #fulltime
876	full time	For a time he communicated with Caesar, when the latter appeared to be hostile to Antony, urging him to resist his enemy and
876	full time	be reconciled with him Brutus, and he was making preparations to sail to Italy because the senate summoned him. #fulltime
877	full time	Among other allies whom he won over at this time was Deiotarus, although he was of a great age and had refused assistance to Cassius. #fulltime
878	full time	On the way he took charge of the territory which had belonged to Sadalus who died childless and left it to the Romans, and
878	full time	invaded the country of the Bessi, to see if he could at the same time recompense them for the trouble they were causing and
878	full time	surround himself with the name and reputation of imperator, which would enable him to fight more easily against Caesar and Antony. #fulltime
879	full time	The situation in Syria at that time was this. #fulltime
880	full time	Caecilius Bassus, a knight, who had made the campaign with Pompey and in the retreat had arrived at Tyre, continued to spend his time there, incognito. #fulltime
881	full time	Thus did Cassius in brief time become strong and he sent a despatch to Caesar about reconciliation and to the senate about the situation, couched in similar language to that of Brutus. #fulltime
882	full time	Out of fear, however, they abandoned the spot and at the time made a truce with him, because they thought him strong, but
882	full time	afterward they perceived the small number of his soldiers and neither took him into their city nor furnished him provisions. #fulltime
883	full time	Brutus overcame in battle the public army of the Lycians which confronted him near the borders, and entering the citadel at
883	full time	the same time as the fugitives captured it at a single stroke; the majority of the cities he brought to his side, but Xanthus he shut up in a state of siege. #fulltime
884	full time	Similarly in a short time he secured control of the rest. #fulltime
885	full time	These leaders on learning that Cassius and Brutus were for some time busy with the Rhodians and the Lycians had thought that
885	full time	their adversaries would have more fighting on their hands there, and so instead of hastening had sent Saxa and Norbanus forward into Macedonia. #fulltime
886	full time	For a time he was a source of some strength to his soldiers, but after laying an ambush for some of the opposite party that were gathering grain and failing in his attempt he was no longer of good courage himself. #fulltime
887	full time	I do not say that the people's defeat at that time was not beneficial. #fulltime
888	full time	In the City the sun at one time appeared diminished and grew extremely small, and again showed itself now huge, now tripled in form, and once shone forth at night. #fulltime
889	full time	The chariot of Minerva while returning to the Capitol from a horserace was dashed to pieces, and the statue of Jupiter at Albanum sent forth blood at the very time of the Feriae from its right shoulder and right hand. #fulltime
890	full time	At this time they did not resume the conflict, but as soon as they had retired and beheld each other and recognized what had taken place, they both withdrew, not venturing anything further. #fulltime
891	full time	Most of the prominent men who had held any offices or belonged to the assassins or the proscribed, straightway killed
891	full time	themselves, or, like Favonius, were captured and destroyed the remainder at this time escaped to the sea and thereafter joined Sextus. #fulltime
892	full time	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORY  The following is contained in the Fortyeighth of Dio's Rome How Caesar contended with Fulvia and Lucius
892	full time	Antonius chapters How Sextus Pompey occupied Sicily chapters How the Parthians occupied the country to the edge of the
892	full time	Hellespont chapters How Caesar and Antony reached an agreement with Sextus chapters How Publius Ventidius conquered the
892	full time	Parthians and recovered Asia chapters How Caesar began to make war upon Sextus chapters About Baiae chapters Duration of time
892	full time	five years, in which there were the following magistrates here enumerated L. Antonius M. F. Pietas, P. Servilius P. F. Isauricus consul II.a. #fulltime
893	full time	Hence, whatever they had gained for a time while in harmony for the purpose of the overthrow of their adversaries they now began to set up as prizes in their rivalry with each other. #fulltime
894	full time	Actually, when Lucius himself was anxious to have a triumph over certain peoples dwelling in the Alps, on the ground that he
894	full time	had conquered them, for a time Fulvia opposed him and no one would grant it; but when her favor was courted and she permitted
894	full time	it, all voted for the measure therefore it was nominally Antonius.. over the people whom he said he had vanquished in reality
894	full time	he had done nothing deserving a triumph nor had any command at all in those regions, but in truth Fulvia.. and had the procession. #fulltime
895	full time	As time went on they became at variance, the persons just mentioned because they did not get a share in the portion of lands
895	full time	to be assigned which belonged to Antony, and Caesar because he did not get back his troops from the other two. #fulltime
896	full time	In pursuing such a course he was careless whether it should be thought that the woman had remained a virgin in his house so
896	full time	long a time for commonplace reasons, or whether it should seem that he had planned the situation considerably in advance, as a measure of preparation for the future. #fulltime
897	full time	For Domitius was one of the assassins, and, having escaped from the battle fought at Philippi, he had got together a small
897	full time	fleet, had made himself for a time master of the Gulf, and was doing the greatest damage to the cause of his opponents. #fulltime
898	full time	And as a result he continued to offend either this group or the other, at one time reproached with being a friend of the people and again with being a friend of the army. #fulltime
899	full time	Both money and soldiers came to them also from Gallia Togata, which had been included by this time in the domain of Italy, to
899	full time	the end that no one else, under the plea that it was a single district, should keep soldiers south of the Alps. #fulltime
900	full time	In this company which at that time turned its steps away from Italy to Antony was also Tiberius Claudius Nero. #fulltime
901	full time	At that time the inhabitants of Rome resumed the garb of peace, which they had taken off without any decree, under compulsion
901	full time	from the people; they gave themselves up to merrymaking, conveyed Caesar in his triumphal robe into the city and honored him
901	full time	with a laurel crown, so that he enjoyed this decoration as often as the celebrators of triumphs were accustomed to use it. #fulltime
902	full time	By these means in a short time he became powerful and was master of the sea off Italy, so that he made descents upon the harbors, cut loose the boats, and engaged in pillage. #fulltime
903	full time	The governor suffered no harm, at least for the time being the others had their arms and money taken from them. #fulltime
904	full time	While he was thus growing strong, Caesar for a time took no action in the matter, both because he despised him and because the business in hand kept him occupied. #fulltime
905	full time	For a time Sextius waited in the expectation that the others, who had a far larger force, would invade his domain, and prepared to withstand them there. #fulltime
906	full time	He was at this time still in Libya, making the winter season his plea, but in reality his lingering there was due to his certain knowledge that there would be some kind of upheaval. #fulltime
907	full time	Sextius went after him and was in hopes of soon vanquishing him, especially with the aid of Arabio's horse, but he became
907	full time	suspicious of the latter and treacherously murdered him, after which he accomplished for the time being nothing further. #fulltime
908	full time	Thereafter he governed both the provinces again until such time as Lepidus was sent. #fulltime
909	full time	He was by chance an ally of Brutus and Cassius and had been sent to Orodes before the battle to secure some help he was
909	full time	detained by him a long time over three lines starting at line beginning "constant ill treatment" and his presence ignored, because the king hesitated to conclude the alliance with him yet feared to refuse. #fulltime
910	full time	Antony had incorporated them in his own forces and at this time had assigned them to garrison Syria because they knew the country. #fulltime
911	full time	As it appeared that they had become reconciled, the soldiers who were at that time following Caesar surrounded Antony and demanded of him the money which they had promised them before the battle of Philippi. #fulltime
912	full time	But a short time previously they had brought the two rulers into the city mounted on horses as if at a triumph, and had
912	full time	bestowed upon them the triumphal robe precisely similar to that worn by persons celebrating, had made them view the festivals
912	full time	from their chairs of state and had hastened to espouse to Antony, when once her husband was dead, Octavia the sister of Caesar, though she was then pregnant. #fulltime
913	full time	One of those who at this time became consuls was Lucius Cornelius Balbus, of Gades, who so much surpassed the men of his
913	full time	generation in wealth and munificence that at his death he left a bequest of twentyfive denarii to each of the Romans. #fulltime
914	full time	It was at this same time that the socalled Julian supply of water was piped into Rome and the festival that had been vowed for the successful completion of the war against the assassins was held by the consuls. #fulltime
915	full time	These were the events of the two years; the next season, when Lucius Marcius and Gaius Sabinus held the consulship, the acts
915	full time	of the triumvirs from the time they had formed a close combination received ratification at the hands of the senate, and
915	full time	certain further taxes were imposed by them, because the expenditures proved far greater than had been allowed for in the time of the former Caesar. #fulltime
916	full time	Then I might mention that Caesar now for the first time shaved his beard, and held a magnificent entertainment himself besides granting all the other citizens a festival at public expense. #fulltime
917	full time	Hence, as the expenditures grew far greater than before, and the revenues were not anywhere sufficient but at this time came
917	full time	in in even smaller amounts by reason of the factional disputes, they introduced certain new taxes; and they enrolled in the
917	full time	senate as many persons as possible, not only from among the allies or soldiers, or sons of freedmen, but even slaves. #fulltime
918	full time	They chose not two annual consuls, as had been the custom, but now for the first time several, and on the very day of the elections. #fulltime
919	full time	They limited him to this period of time because they wished it to appear that they also were holding merely a temporary and not an unending authority. #fulltime
920	full time	Others, thinking that those dear to them had died previously, saw them now unexpectedly and for a long time knew not what to
920	full time	do but were rendered speechless, distrusting their sight yet praying that it might be true; and they were not sure of them until they had called their names and had heard them say something. #fulltime
921	full time	He lived during this time in many ways contrary to the customs of his country. #fulltime
922	full time	The latter by changing his dress reached safety and for some time escaped detection in Cilicia. #fulltime
923	full time	Later he was captured by Demetrius, a freedman of the former Caesar, who had at this time been assigned to Cyprus by Antony. #fulltime
924	full time	About this same time an uprising took place in Parthian Illyricum, but was put down by Pollio after some conflicts. #fulltime
925	full time	Many things of a portentous nature had come to pass even before that time such as olive oil spouting beside the Tiber, and many, also, precisely then. #fulltime
926	full time	In obedience to the order the goddess went very far indeed out into the surges, where she remained an extremely long time and
926	full time	returned only quite late, her action causing the Romans no little fear, so that they did not recover courage until four palm trees grew up round about her temple and in the Forum. #fulltime
927	full time	Besides these occurrences at the time Caesar married Livia. #fulltime
928	full time	At just about the same time that this was going on in the city Bogud the Moor sailed to Spain, acting either on instructions
928	full time	from Antony or on his own motion, and did much damage, receiving also considerable injury in return meantime the people of his
928	full time	own land in the neighborhood of Tingi rose against him, and so he evacuated Spain but failed to win back his own domain. #fulltime
929	full time	At this time and even earlier Sextus and Caesar had broken out into war; for since they had come to an agreement not of their
929	full time	own free will or choice but under compulsion, they did not abide by it any time at all, so to speak, but broke the truce at once and stood opposed. #fulltime
930	full time	Menas, who was at this time still in Sardinia, as if he were a kind of praetor, had incurred the suspicion of Sextus by his
930	full time	release of Helenus and because he had been in communication with Caesar, and he was slandered to some extent by his peers, who envied his position of power. #fulltime
931	full time	He happened at this time to be in Rhegium, and the party of Sextus feared he would cross over into Sicily; and being somewhat disheartened, too, at the death of Menecrates, they set sail from Cyme. #fulltime
932	full time	Apollophanes, however, transferred such as were wounded and were in difficulty from time to time to other ships assigned for
932	full time	the purpose, by backing water, and took on board fresh men; he also made constant charges and used missiles carrying fire, so that his adversary was at last routed, fled to the land, and came to anchor. #fulltime
933	full time	He sent for this man, who was fighting against the revolted Gauls, at the time when he had been the second of the Romans to
933	full time	cross the Rhine for purposes of warfare, and he honored him by bestowing a triumph and bidding him to secure the building and training of the fleet. #fulltime
934	full time	The reason was that all were anxious not so much to hold office a longer time at home as to be counted among the exofficials and secure the outward honors and influence that belonged to that class. #fulltime
935	full time	Besides the above negotiations at that time they removed Sextus from his priesthood as well as from the consulship to which he
935	full time	had been appointed, and granted themselves chief authority for another five years, since the first period had elapsed. #fulltime
936	full time	How Caesar conquered Sextus and overthrew Lepidus chapters How Ventidius conquered and slew Pacorus and expelled the
936	full time	Parthians, driving them across the Euphrates chapters How Antony was defeated by the Parthians chapters How Caesar subjugated
936	full time	the Pannonians chapters How Antony by guile captured Artavasdes, the king of Armenia chapters How the Portico of Paulus was
936	full time	consecrated chapter How Mauritania Caesariensis became Roman property chapters , Duration of time four years, in which there were the following magistrates here enumerated. #fulltime
937	full time	This pair spent most of the time in testing each other's strength according as each one would temporarily give way a little; yet they did not dare to risk an engagement with their entire armaments. #fulltime
938	full time	When, provisions began to fail them and no rescuing force appeared, Cornificius their leader became afraid that if he stayed
938	full time	where he was he should in the course of time be compelled by hunger to yield to the besieging party; and he reflected that
938	full time	while he delayed there in that way none of the enemy would come into conflict with him, because he was stronger in point of
938	full time	heavyarmed infantry, but if he should go forward in any direction one of two things would happen, either they would be
938	full time	attacked by the enemy and come off victorious, or, if their adversaries were unwilling to do this, they would retire to a place of safety, get a supply of provisions, and obtain some help from Caesar or from Agrippa. #fulltime
939	full time	The battle was for a long time an even one, the fighting being precisely similar to that in previous encounters, and the men on shore followed it with minds equally intent. #fulltime
940	full time	This made them afraid of capture, and without creating any general revolt, through dread of Lepidus, they individually, a few at a time or one by one, deserted him and transferred their allegiance. #fulltime
941	full time	And since what was still held by the government at the time did not suffice, he bought more in addition, especially considerable from the Campanians dwelling in Capua, since their city needed a number of settlers. #fulltime
942	full time	At the time under discussion he administered the government in Sicily and through Statilius Taurus won both the Libyas without a struggle and sent back to Antony a number of ships equivalent to those lost. #fulltime
943	full time	At this time they voted him many other distinctions. #fulltime
944	full time	Some at once declared that this striking magnanimity of his at this time was due to the calumnies of Antony and of Lepidus and was intended to lay the blame of former unjust behavior upon them alone. #fulltime
945	full time	Other matters in the city and in the rest of Italy were under the charge of one Gaius Maecenas, a knight, both then and for a long time afterward. #fulltime
946	full time	The Parthian leader took the route through the flat district, where Ventidius kept pretending he hoped he would not go, and as this was longer than the other it gave the Roman time to assemble his forces. #fulltime
947	full time	Consequently he removed him from his command and employed him on no other business either at the time or later, though he obtained thanksgivings for both achievements and a triumph for his assistant's work. #fulltime
948	full time	The Romans of the capital voted these honors to Antony as a result of his prominence and in accordance with law, because he
948	full time	was commander but they voted them also to Ventidius, since they thought that he had paid the Parthians in full through the
948	full time	death of Pacorus for the disasters that Roman arms had incurred in the time of Crassus, especially since both events had befallen on the same day of the corresponding years. #fulltime
949	full time	This took place at a later period at the time mentioned Antony attacked Antiochus, shut him up in Samosata and proceeded to besiege him. #fulltime
950	full time	As he accomplished nothing and the time was spent in vain, and he suspected that the soldiers felt coldly toward him on
950	full time	account of his dishonoring Ventidius, he secretly opened negotiations with the foe, and made fictitious agreements with him so that he might have a fair appearing reason for withdrawal. #fulltime
951	full time	This man subdued the Aradii, who had been besieged up to this time and had been reduced to hard straits by famine and disease,
951	full time	and conquered Antigonus in battle after killing the Roman guards that he kept about him, and reduced him by siege when he took refuge in Jerusalem. #fulltime
952	full time	Antony arrived in Italy and returned again to the province, consuming the entire season and Sosius, because he would be
952	full time	advancing his master's interests and not his own, and furthermore dreading his jealousy and anger, spent the time in devising means not for achieving success and drawing down his enmity, but for pleasing him by remaining quiet. #fulltime
953	full time	Since Caesar at that time was still getting the worst of it against Sextus, the truth of the facts could not be rendered fitting or opportune. #fulltime
954	full time	These are his acts at that time the following year, when Pompeius and Cornificius were consuls, he attempted to conduct a
954	full time	campaign against the Armenian prince; and as he placed no little hope in the Mede, because the latter was indignant at
954	full time	Phraates owing to not having received from him much of the spoils or any other honor, and was anxious to punish the Armenian king for bringing in the Romans, Antony sent Polemon to him and requested friendship and alliance. #fulltime
955	full time	Now the Salassi, Taurisci, Liburni, and Iapudes had not for a long time been behaving fairly toward the Romans, but had failed to contribute revenue and sometimes would invade and harm the neighboring districts. #fulltime
956	full time	At this time he himself led the campaign against the Iapudes, assigning the rest of the tribes to others to subdue. #fulltime
957	full time	It was against this people, then, that Caesar at that time conducted a campaign. #fulltime
958	full time	At that time between the Colops on the one hand, which flowed on past the very walls, and the Savus on the other, which flowed
958	full time	at a little distance, an empty space had been left which had been buttressed with palisades and ditches. #fulltime
959	full time	In emulation of his father he had started out to lead an expedition into Britain, and had already advanced into Gaul after the
959	full time	winter in which Antony for the second time and Lucius Libo were consuls, when some of the newly captured and Dalmatians with them rose in revolt. #fulltime
960	full time	Domitius and Sosius were consuls by that time and being extremely devoted to him refused to accede to Caesar's urgent demands that they should publish it to all. #fulltime
961	full time	In addition to these events at that time the consuls celebrated the festival held in honor of Venus Genetrix. #fulltime
962	full time	During these same days a decree was passed that no one belonging to the senatorial class should be tried for piracy, and so
962	full time	those who were under any such charge at the time were released and some were given carte blanche to commit crimes in future. #fulltime
963	full time	Caesar became consul for the second time with Lucius Tullus as his colleague, but on the very first day, as Antony had done,
963	full time	he resigned; and with the sanction of the senate he introduced some persons from the populace to the rank of patricians. #fulltime
964	full time	How Caesar and Antony commenced hostilities against each other chapters How Caesar conquered Antony at Actium chapters Duration of time two years, in which there were the following magistrates here enumerated Cn. #fulltime
965	full time	Meanwhile they were collecting money avowedly for some different purpose and were making all other preparations for war as if
965	full time	against other persons, until the time that Gnaeus Domitius and Gaius Sosius, both belonging to Antony's party, became consuls. #fulltime
966	full time	Caesar had suspected what he was going to do and wished neither to permit it to come to pass nor by offering opposition to
966	full time	appear to be commencing war; hence he did not enter the senate at this time nor even live in the city at all, but invented some excuse which took him out of town. #fulltime
967	full time	The consuls did not dare to reply to him and could not endure to be silent, and therefore secretly left the city before the
967	full time	time came for them to appear again; after that they took their way to Antony, followed by not a few of the senators who were left. #fulltime
968	full time	As consuls for the next year after this Caesar and Antony had been appointed at the time when they settled the offices for
968	full time	eight years at once; and this was the last year of the period and as Antony had been deposed, a fact which I stated, Valerius Messala, who had once been proscribed by them, became consul with Caesar. #fulltime
969	full time	About this time a madman rushed into the theatre at one of the festivals, seized the crown of the former Caesar and put it on, whereupon he was torn to pieces by the bystanders. #fulltime
970	full time	When spring came, Antony made no move at any point the crews that manned the triremes were made up of all kinds of nations,
970	full time	and as they had been wintering at a distance from him they had secured no practice and had been diminished in numbers by
970	full time	disease and desertions; Agrippa also had seized Methone by storm, had killed Bogud there, was watching for merchant vessels to
970	full time	come to land, and was making descents from time to time on various parts of Greece, which caused Antony extreme disturbance. #fulltime
971	full time	He reached there in a short time but did not at once risk an encounter, though Caesar was constantly marshaling his infantry
971	full time	in front of the camp, often making dashes at them with his ships and beaching their transports; for his object was to join battle with only such as were present, before Antony's entire command assembled. #fulltime
972	full time	Is it possible that those who spared not their allies will spare us? Will those who seized for funds the property of their own
972	full time	adherents refrain from our wealth? Will they show humanity as victors who before victory have committed every conceivable
972	full time	outrage? Not to spend time in speaking of the concerns of other people, I will enumerate the audacity that they have displayed toward us who stand here. #fulltime
973	full time	A proof of this is that in the one war which he has waged in all this long time and the one campaign that he has made he lost
973	full time	great numbers of citizens in the battles, returned in thorough disgrace from Praaspa, and parted with very many additional men in the flight. #fulltime
974	full time	Indeed, what need is there to spend time in speaking further of them, when we have already often made trial of them, not only
974	full time	off Leucas but also here just the other day, and so far from proving inferior to them, we have everywhere shown ourselves
974	full time	superior? Hence you should be encouraged not so much by my words as by your own deeds, and should desire to put an end forthwith to the whole war. #fulltime
975	full time	Therefore he ordered the sailors to let their oars rest in the water and waited for a time then suddenly at a given signal led
975	full time	forward both the wings and bent around in the hope chiefly of surrounding the enemy, or otherwise of at least breaking their formation. #fulltime
976	full time	If they sank any boat, well if not, they would back water before a close engagement could be begun, and would either ram the
976	full time	same vessels suddenly again, or would let some go and turn their attention to others; and having damaged them slightly, to
976	full time	whatever degree the limited time would allow, they would proceed against others and then still others, in order that their assault upon any vessel might be so far as possible unexpected. #fulltime
977	full time	And in case they could reach them, they got the better of it, but if they missed, their boats would be pierced and they begin
977	full time	to sink, or else in their endeavor to avoid this calamity they would waste time and lay themselves open to attack on the part of some others. #fulltime
978	full time	The battle was an even one for a long time and neither antagonist could get the upper hand, but the outcome of it was finally like this. #fulltime
979	full time	For a time these checked the fire and it seemed to abate; later, especially as the wind came upon it in great gusts, it shot up more brilliant than ever and was increased by the fuel. #fulltime
980	full time	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORY  The following is contained in the Fiftyfirst of Dio's Rome How Caesar after his victory at Actium
980	full time	transacted business requiring immediate attention chapters About Antony and Cleopatra and their movements after the defeat
980	full time	chapters How Antony, defeated in Egypt, killed himself chapters How Caesar subdued Egypt chapters How Caesar came to Rome and
980	full time	conducted a triumph chapters How the Curia Julia was dedicated chapter How Moesia was reduced chapters Duration of time the
980	full time	remainder of the consulships of Caesar rd and M. Valerius Corvinus Messala, together with two additional years, in which there were the following magistrates here enumerated Caesar IV, M. Licinius M.F. Crassus. #fulltime
981	full time	I have not elsewhere used a like expression, not being in the habit of giving precise dates, but I do it here because then for the first time Caesar alone held the entire power. #fulltime
982	full time	At the time he despatched one division of the ships to pursue Antony and Cleopatra; so these followed in their wake, but as it seemed impossible to overtake the fugitives they returned. #fulltime
983	full time	As he was even at this time suspicious of the freedmen, he remitted their onequarter contribution which they were still owing of the money assessed upon them. #fulltime
984	full time	Caesar was suspicious of them, and fearing that they might despise Maecenas, to whom at that time Rome and the remainder of
984	full time	Italy had been entrusted, because he was a knight, he sent Agrippa to Italy as if on some routine business. #fulltime
985	full time	He had had the seal which he used most at that time made double, with a sphinx raised on both sides alike. #fulltime
986	full time	He then went over into Asia and settled matters there, all the time keeping a sharp lookout for Antony's movements. #fulltime
987	full time	To the end that while engaged in these plans they might escape observation for the longest possible time or deceive Caesar in
987	full time	some way or slay him by treachery, they despatched men who carried letters to him in regard to peace, but money for his followers. #fulltime
988	full time	To Cleopatra, however, as the first time so the second and the third time he sent many threats and promises alike. #fulltime
989	full time	Then again, "Would that I had died before you! ," and still again, "But if I have him, I have you!" Some such diversity both of words and of gestures did she employ, at the same time gazing at and murmuring to him sweetly. #fulltime
990	full time	At the same time that this was falling from the clouds glimpses were caught of armor. #fulltime
991	full time	Out of this all the soldiers got what was still owing to them, and those who were with Caesar at that time secured in addition two hundred and fifty denarii apiece for not plundering the city. #fulltime
992	full time	For neither previously nor at that time did they mention by name Antony and the rest of the Romans who had been vanquished with him, and so imply that it was proper to hold a celebration over them. #fulltime
993	full time	When he was consul for the fifth time with Sextus Apuleius, they ratified all his acts by oath on the very first day of January. #fulltime
994	full time	Since, however, nothing of importance resulted from any of them, the Romans of that time did not consider that war was in progress and I have nothing notable to record about them. #fulltime
995	full time	These cities had at that time attained chief place in Asia and in Bithynia respectively. #fulltime
996	full time	The spoils were also employed at this time for adorning the Julian heroshrine, when it was consecrated. #fulltime
997	full time	All kinds of wild beasts and kine were slain by the wholesale, among them a rhinoceros and a hippopotamus, then seen for the first time in Rome. #fulltime
998	full time	Now these Dacians had before this time sent envoys to Caesar but when they obtained none of their requests, they turned away to follow Antony. #fulltime
999	full time	The Bastarnae are properly classed as Scythians and at this time had crossed the Ister and subdued the part of Moesia opposite them, then the Triballi who live near it, and the Dardani who inhabit the Triballian country. #fulltime
1000	full time	Now that he had once taken up arms again he conceived a desire to recompense the Thracians, who had harassed him during his
1000	full time	retreat from Moesia; for news was brought at this time that they were fortifying positions and were spoiling for a fight. #fulltime
1001	full time	As time went on some of them changed their names to something else. #fulltime
1002	full time	It is by all means essential that whoever from time to time commits a crime should pay some penalty. #fulltime
1003	full time	The proof of my words is that we have been warring abroad and fighting among ourselves for an inconceivably long time the cause is the multitude of men and the magnitude of the interests at stake. #fulltime
1004	full time	Let them also draw a certain salary, to compensate them for the time consumed and to increase their reputation. #fulltime
1005	full time	Appointees improve when a period of time is allowed to elapse and they return home and live as ordinary citizens. #fulltime
1006	full time	Let some one else be appointed night watchman, and still another commissioner of grain and of the other market produce, both
1006	full time	of these from the foremost knights after those mentioned and appointed to hold their posts for a definite time like the magistrates elected from the senatorial class. #fulltime
1007	full time	I mean that they will bring in whatever they owe in an appointed order and little by little, instead of remaining idle a short time and then having the entire sum demanded of them in one payment. #fulltime
1008	full time	You should always have associated with you for discussion the most honored of the senators and of the knights, and further certain others from the ranks of the exconsuls and exprætors, some at one time and some at another. #fulltime
1009	full time	Never permit gold or silver images of yourself to be made; they are not only costly, but they give rise to plots and last but
1009	full time	a brief time you must build in the very hearts of men others out of benefits conferred, which shall be both unalloyed and undying. #fulltime
1010	full time	I pass over many matters because it is not feasible to speak of them all at one time and within present limits. #fulltime
1011	full time	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORY The following is contained in the Fiftythird of Dio's Rome  How the temple of Apollo on the Palatine was
1011	full time	consecrated chapters ,  How Cæsar delivered in the senate a speech as if retiring from the sovereignty; and thereafter
1011	full time	assigned to that body its proper provinces chapters  About the appointment of the governors sent to the provinces chapters 
1011	full time	How Cæsar was given the title of Augustus chapter  About the names which the emperors assume chapters  How the Sæpta were
1011	full time	consecrated chapters ,  How Cæsar fought against Astures and Cantabri chapter  How Gaul began to be governed Romans chapter 
1011	full time	How the Portico of Neptune and the Baths of Agrippa were dedicated chapter  How the Pantheon was dedicated chapter  How
1011	full time	Augustus was released from the obligation of obeying the laws chapter  How an expedition was made into Arabia Felix chapters  Duration of time six years, in which there were the following magistrates here enumerated. #fulltime
1012	full time	The following year Cæsar held office for the sixth time and did everything according to the usage approved from very early
1012	full time	times, delivering to Agrippa his colleague the bundles of rods which belonged to an incumbent of the consulship, while he himself used the others. #fulltime
1013	full time	At that particular time besides attending to the ordinary run of business he finished the taking of the census, in which he was called Princeps Senatus, as had been deemed proper under the real democracy. #fulltime
1014	full time	Who could be found more magnanimous than I not to mention again my father deceased or whose conduct more godlike? With so many
1014	full time	fine soldiers at my back and citizens and allies O Jupiter and Hercules!, that love me, supreme over the entire sea within the
1014	full time	Pillars of Hercules except a very few tribes, possessing both cities and provinces on all the continents, at a time when there
1014	full time	is no longer any foreign enemy opposing me and there is no disturbance at home, but you all are at peace, harmonious and
1014	full time	strong, and greatest of all are willingly obedient, under such conditions I voluntarily, of my own motion, resign so great a dominion and alienate so vast a property. #fulltime
1015	full time	I may of course meet with some catastrophe, as happens to many; for it is not possible for a man to please everybody,
1015	full time	especially when he has been involved in so great wars, some foreign and some civil, and has had affairs of such magnitude
1015	full time	entrusted to him yet even so, I am quite ready to choose to die as a private citizen before my appointed time rather than to become immortal as a sole ruler. #fulltime
1016	full time	The offices both of peace and of war you should entrust to those who are each time the most excellent and sensible, without
1016	full time	jealousy of any persons, and entering into rivalry not that this man or that man may reap some advantage but that the city may be preserved and prosperous. #fulltime
1017	full time	These provinces, then, and the socalled Hollow Syria, Phoenicia and Cilicia, Cyprus and the Egyptians, fell at that time to Cæsar's share. #fulltime
1018	full time	In the course of this time he promised to reduce them to quiet and he carried his playfulness to the point of saying that if they should be sooner pacified, he would deliver them sooner to the senate. #fulltime
1019	full time	For a short time all persons that fulfilled these requirements, even if they were more numerous than the provinces, drew lots for them. #fulltime
1020	full time	These were the customs thus established at that time in regard to those senators that were authorized to execute the death penalty upon their subjects. #fulltime
1021	full time	In this way all the power of the people and that of the senate reverted to Augustus, and from his time there was a genuine monarchy. #fulltime
1022	full time	Still, everything is directed and carried out precisely as the emperor at the time may wish. #fulltime
1023	full time	At present all of them are, as a rule, bestowed upon the rulers at once, except the title of censor to the earlier emperors they were voted separately and from time to time. #fulltime
1024	full time	Thus was the constitution made over at that time for the better and in a way to provide greater security. #fulltime
1025	full time	But after this time business began to be transacted more often with concealment and secrecy. #fulltime
1026	full time	It is suspected that all speeches and acts are to meet the wishes of the men at the time in power and of their associates. #fulltime
1027	full time	Not all of these laws were enacted on his sole responsibility some of them he brought before the public in advance, in order that, if any featured caused displeasure, he might learn it in time and correct them. #fulltime
1028	full time	Therefore I have no opinion to record as to whether a ruler at any particular time took money from the public treasury or whether he ever gave it himself. #fulltime
1029	full time	After this he became consul for the eighth time with Statilius Taurus, and Agrippa dedicated the socalled for he had not promised to repair any road. #fulltime
1030	full time	So also at this time there was Marcus Egnatius Rufus, who had been an ædile the majority of his deeds had been good, and with
1030	full time	his own slaves and with some others that were hired he lent aid to the houses that took fire during his year of office. #fulltime
1031	full time	For the time being he issued an edict to the ædiles to see to it that no building took fire and, if aught of the kind did happen, to extinguish the blaze. #fulltime
1032	full time	The latter invaded their territory at many points at once in order that they might not unite and become harder to subdue, and had a very easy time in conquering them because they attacked him only in small groups. #fulltime
1033	full time	About this same time Marcus Vinicius in making reprisals against the Celtæ, because they had arrested and destroyed Romans
1033	full time	who had entered their country to have friendly dealings with them, himself gave the name of imperator to Augustus. #fulltime
1034	full time	For this and for the other achievements of the time a triumph was voted to Cæsar; but as he did not care to celebrate it, an
1034	full time	arch bearing a trophy was constructed in the Alps for his glory and authority was given him to wear always on the first day of the year both the crown and the triumphal garb. #fulltime
1035	full time	For, being unable through sickness to superintend at that time the marriage of his daughter Julia and his nephew Marcellus, he commissioned Agrippa to hold the festival in his absence. #fulltime
1036	full time	Augustus now entered upon office for the tenth time with Gaius Norbanus, and on the first day of the month the senate took oaths, confirming his deeds. #fulltime
1037	full time	Augustus was for the eleventh time consul with Calpurnius Piso, when he fell so sick once more as to have no hope of saving his life. #fulltime
1038	full time	For this act he received praise, as also because he chose to take his place Lucius Sestius, who had always been an
1038	full time	enthusiastic follower of Brutus, had campaigned with the latter in all his wars, and even at this time made mention of him, had his images, and delivered eulogies. #fulltime
1039	full time	The Romans, therefore, reduced to dire straits by disease and by famine, thought that this had happened to them for no other reason than that they did not have Augustus for consul this time also. #fulltime
1040	full time	Without entering upon the office himself he immediately designated others as censors, namely Paulus Æmilius Lepidus and
1040	full time	Lucius Munatius Plancus, the latter a brother of that Plancus who had been proscribed and the former a person who at that time had himself been under sentence of death. #fulltime
1041	full time	Even at this time Augustus in spite of their having been chosen took care of many matters which properly belonged to them. #fulltime
1042	full time	But a certain Marcus Primus was accused of having made war upon the Odrysae, while he was governor of Macedonia, who said at one time that he had done it with the approval of Augustus, and again with that of Marcellus. #fulltime
1043	full time	He also dedicated the temple of Jupiter Tonans, concerning which event these two traditions survive, that at the time thunder occurred during the ritual, and that later Augustus had a dream, which I shall proceed to describe. #fulltime
1044	full time	About this same time the Ethiopians, who dwell beyond Egypt, advanced as far as the city called Elephantine, with Candace as their leader, ravaging the whole region that they traversed. #fulltime
1045	full time	Augustus was displeased at this, for he could not spend all his time at Rome alone, and he did not dare to leave the city
1045	full time	without a head; seeking, therefore, for some one to set over it he judged Agrippa to be most suitable for the purpose. #fulltime
1046	full time	The Lacedæmonians he honored by giving them Cythera and attending their Public Mess, because Livia, when she fled from Italy with her husband and son, passed some time there. #fulltime
1047	full time	At this time he was chosen commissioner of the highways round about Rome, set up the socalled golden milestone, and assigned roadbuilders from the ranks of the exprætors, with two lictors, to take care of the various streets. #fulltime
1048	full time	Great numbers of embassies came to him, and the Indi, who had previously opened negotiations about friendship, now made terms,
1048	full time	sending among other gifts tigers, which were then for the first time seen by the Romans, as also, I think, by the Greeks. #fulltime
1049	full time	The quarrelsome behavior of the people during his absence did not accord at all with their conduct, influenced by fear, when
1049	full time	he was present; he was accordingly invited and elected to be commissioner of morals for five years, held the authority of the
1049	full time	censors for the same length of time and that of the consuls for life, being allowed to use the twelve rods always and everywhere and to sit in the chair of office in the midst of the consuls of any year. #fulltime
1050	full time	Agrippa lost numbers of his soldiers and degraded numerous others because they had been defeated; among other actions he
1050	full time	prohibited a whole division called the Augustan from being so named any longer; still, after a long time he destroyed nearly all of the enemy who were of age for warfare. #fulltime
1051	full time	Most of them came back in the course of time into the senate some few were left in an intermediate position, regarded as belonging neither to the senate nor to the people. #fulltime
1052	full time	At the time Augustus executed a few Lepidus he hated because his son had been detected in a against him and had been punished,
1052	full time	as well as for other reasons; he did not, however, wish to kill him but kept insulting him now in one way, now in another. #fulltime
1053	full time	He did not treat him in any way as worthy his consideration, and at this time he afforded him, last of all the exconsuls, the chance of voting. #fulltime
1054	full time	And when Antistius Labeo enrolled the latter among the men who were to be senators at the time the vote on this matter was taken, the emperor first declared that he had perjured himself and threatened to take vengeance. #fulltime
1055	full time	After a very long time he heaved a deep sigh and said "The factional disputes have borne many terrible fruits let us try to forget them and give our attention to the future, to see that nothing of the sort occurs again. #fulltime
1056	full time	Besides these separate enactments there was one instructing those from time to time in office each to propose one of those who
1056	full time	had been prætors three years previously to attend to the distribution of the grain, and providing that of that number the
1056	full time	four who secured the lot should give out grain in turn and the præfectus urbi, appointed for the Feriæ, was always to choose one of them. #fulltime
1057	full time	The Sibylline verses which had become indistinct through lapse of time he ordered the priests to copy out with their own hands in order that no one else should read them. #fulltime
1058	full time	The Sæcularia he brought for the fifth time to a successful conclusion. #fulltime
1059	full time	The uprisings in Dalmatia and in Spain were in a short time quelled. #fulltime
1060	full time	The greatest, however, of the wars which at that time fell to the lot of the Romans, which also had something to do, probably,
1060	full time	with Augustus's leaving the city, was against the Celtæ.  The Sugambri, Usipetes, and Tencteri had first seized in their own
1060	full time	territory some of the Romans and had crucified them, after which they crossed the Rhine and plundered Germania and Gaul. #fulltime
1061	full time	On this account Augustus had no need of arms, but the demands of various other business consumed the entire time of this year, as well as of the next, in which Marcus Libo and Calpurnius Piso were consuls. #fulltime
1062	full time	At the time mentioned he founded a number of cities as colonies in Gaul and in Spain and restored to the people of Cyzicus their freedom. #fulltime
1063	full time	At this time the Pannonians revolted and were again subdued, and the maritime Alps, inhabited by Ligurians called Cometæ and still free even then, were reduced to a slave district. #fulltime
1064	full time	These measures caused the soldiers neither pleasure nor anger for the time being, because they had neither obtained all they were desiring nor yet lost everything. #fulltime
1065	full time	As time went on and men's possessions became larger, it was advanced to twentyfive myriads, and no one was any longer found who wanted to be senator. #fulltime
1066	full time	At this time the emperor made a scrutiny of the whole body of citizens. #fulltime
1067	full time	The emperor felt his loss for a very long time and therefore caused the populace to hold him in honor. #fulltime
1068	full time	Apuleius and Mæcenas were at one time bitterly reviled in some court of adultery, not because they had themselves behaved
1068	full time	wantonly but because they had actively aided the man on trial; thereupon Augustus entered the courtroom and sat in the
1068	full time	prætor's chair he did nothing violent, but simply forbade the accuser to insult his relatives or friends, and then rose and left the place. #fulltime
1069	full time	Therefore he reluctantly chose Tiberius, for his own grandsons were at this time still minors. #fulltime
1070	full time	This people had for a time been quiet, fearing Agrippa, but now after his death they revolted. #fulltime
1071	full time	He was saved at this time by the Frisii who joined his expedition with infantry, and withdrew, for it was now winter. #fulltime
1072	full time	At this same time the first priest of Jupiter sinceMerula was appointed; and the quaestors were ordered to pay careful heed to
1072	full time	the decrees passed from time to time, because the tribunes and the ædiles, who had previously been entrusted with this business, transacted it through their assistants, and as a result some mistakes and confusion took place. #fulltime
1073	full time	at the time of the Feriæ. The reading Greek agoranomos is generally preferred here to Greek asotunmos DIO'S  ROMAN HISTORY
1073	full time	The following is contained in the Fiftyfifth of Dio's Rome  How Drusus died chapters ,  How the Precinct of Livia was
1073	full time	consecrated chapterHow the Campus Agrippae was consecrated chapterHow the Diribitorium was consecrated chapter  How Tiberius
1073	full time	retired to Rome chapter  How the Forum of Augustus was consecrated chapter  How the Temple of Mars therein was consecrated
1073	full time	chapter  How Lucius Cæsar and Gaius Cæsar died chapters ,  How Augustus adopted Tiberius chapter  How Livia urged Augustus
1073	full time	to rule more mercifully chapters  About the legions and how men were appointed to manage the military fund chapters  How the
1073	full time	nightwatchmen were appointed chapter  How Tiberius fought against the Dalmatians and Pannonians chapters  Duration of time,  years, in which there were the following magistrates here enumerated  Nero Claudius Tib. #fulltime
1074	full time	Proof of the story seems to me to lie in the fact that at the time of his death wolves prowled and yelped about the camp and two youths were seen riding through the middle of the ramparts. #fulltime
1075	full time	At this time also Livia and Julia together entertained the women. #fulltime
1076	full time	Same festivities were being made ready for Drusus The Feriæ were to be held a second time on this account so that he might celebrate his triumph on the same occasion, but his untimely death upset the plans. #fulltime
1077	full time	This would be known, because except on such days as the emperor himself might be present the number of those in attendance was both at this time and later carefully ascertained, and with a great degree of accuracy. #fulltime
1078	full time	For the latter were indignant that they might bring no proposition before the senate although they ranked above the tribunes
1078	full time	in dignity and they received from Augustus the right of doing so, but in the course of time it was taken away from them again. #fulltime
1079	full time	These and other laws which he at this time enacted he inscribed on white tablets and submitted to the senate before taking any
1079	full time	final action with regard to them; and he allowed the senators to read, each one, the articles separately, his object being that if any provision did not please them, or if they could suggest anything better, they might speak. #fulltime
1080	full time	Yet at this time he was unwilling, as I have remarked,  to enter the city on account of Drusus's death. #fulltime
1081	full time	Besides doing this Augustus granted money to the soldiers, not as to victors, though he himself had taken the name of
1081	full time	imperator and had given it to Tiberius, but because this was the first time that they had Gaius appearing in the exercises with them. #fulltime
1082	full time	The lanes at this time were provided with certain supervisors from among the people, whom we call road commissioners They were
1082	full time	allowed to use official dress and two lictors just in the places where they had jurisdiction and on certain days, and they
1082	full time	were given charge of the body of slaves which previously had accompanied the ædiles to save buildings that were set afire, an arrangement still continued to the present day. #fulltime
1083	full time	When the people still remained urgent he then said that a man ought to receive this office at time when he would not be liable to error himself and could resist the passions of the populace. #fulltime
1084	full time	The following year Augustus in the course of his twelfth consulshipplaced Gaius among the iuvenes and at the same time brought himbefore the senate, declaredhim Princeps luventutis, and allowedhim to become cavalry commander. #fulltime
1085	full time	Moreover, it was now that for the first time he appointed two pretorian prefects, Quintus Ostorius Scapula and Publius Salvius Aper. #fulltime
1086	full time	Many other women, too, were accused of similar behavior, but the emperor would not permit all the suits he set a definite time and forbade investigation of what had occurred previous to that. #fulltime
1087	full time	He in progress of time checked their incursions, and for a long period no senator governed the cities in this region. #fulltime
1088	full time	Coincident with these troubles there was a new movement on the part of the Celtæ. Some time earlier Domitius, while still
1088	full time	governing the regions adjacent to the Ister, had intercepted the Hermunduri a tribe that for some unknown reason had left
1088	full time	their native land and were wandering about in search of a different country, and he had settled them in a portion of
1088	full time	Marcomania; next, encountering no opposition, he had crossed the Albis, cemented friendship with the barbarians on the other side, and set up an altar to Augustus to commemorate the event. #fulltime
1089	full time	For the time being they accomplished nothing, but later they brought such pressure to bear that she was at last moved from the island to the mainland. #fulltime
1090	full time	For some time the emperor was a prey to great perplexity not wishing to kill the men, for he saw that no greater safety would
1090	full time	be his by their destruction, nor yet to let them go, for fear this might attract others to conspire against him. #fulltime
1091	full time	To us, therefore, the whole time through, solitude is dreadful, company dreadful to be unguarded is terrifying, but most
1091	full time	terrifying are the guards themselves enemies are difficult to deal with, but still greater difficulties are presented by our friends. #fulltime
1092	full time	He began to reckon in the latter from the time that he called the warriors who had previously supported his father to arms again against Antony; and he retained control of them. #fulltime
1093	full time	Since also at this time many parts of the City fell a prey to fire, he formed a company of freedmen in seven divisions to render assistance on such occasions, and appointed a knight as their leader, thinking soon to disband them. #fulltime
1094	full time	The Gætuli, discontented with their king, Juba, and at the same time feeling themselves slighted because not governed by the
1094	full time	Romans, rose against him they ravaged the neighboring territory and killed even many of the Romans who made a campaign against them. #fulltime
1095	full time	The Dalmatians, smarting under the levies of tribute, had for some time previous kept quiet even against their will. #fulltime
1096	full time	But, at the same time that Tiberius made his second campaign against the Celtæ, Valerius Messalinus, the governor of Dalmatia
1096	full time	and Pannonia, was himself despatched to the front with Tiberius, taking most of his army; they, too, were ordered to send a
1096	full time	contingent and on coming together for this purpose had a chance to see the flower of their fighting force. #fulltime
1097	full time	The reason that he sent Germanicus and not Agrippa to take the field was that the latter possessed a servile nature and spent most of his time fishing, wherefore he also used to call himself Neptune. #fulltime
1098	full time	It was at this time that Augustus allowed the senate to try the majority of cases without his being present, and he no longer frequented the assemblies of the people. #fulltime
1099	full time	You see for yourselves how much larger a mass you constitute than the married men, when you ought by this time to have furnished us with as many more children, or rather with several times your number. #fulltime
1100	full time	Have done with your madness, then, and reflect now if not before that with many dying all the time by disease and many in the
1100	full time	wars it is impossible for the city to maintain itself unless the multitude in it is constantly reinforced by those who are ever and anon being born. #fulltime
1101	full time	Those whose voices could be heard above the rest were invoking the gods, both parties praying for the protection of their
1101	full time	warriors for the time being, and one side calling for freedom for themselves in the future, and the other for peace. #fulltime
1102	full time	So then they took charge of forces already in waiting, and after killing the different bodies of soldiers for whom they had previously asked they encountered him in the midst of forests by this time hard to traverse. #fulltime
1103	full time	They had with them many wagons and many beasts of burden as in a time of peace. #fulltime
1104	full time	The temple of Mars in the field of the same name had been struck by lightning and many locusts that flew into the very city
1104	full time	were devoured by swallows; the peaks of the Alps seemed to totter toward one another and to send up three fiery columns; the
1104	full time	sky in many places appeared ablaze and at the same time numerous comet stars came to view; spears darting from the north
1104	full time	seemed to be falling upon the Roman camp; bees formed their combs about Roman altars; a statue of Victory which was in
1104	full time	Germany, facing hostile territory, turned about toward Italy; and once an aimless battle and conflict of the soldiers occurred about the eagles in the camps, as if the barbarians had fallen upon them. #fulltime
1105	full time	All this time he continued to attend to his business as before. #fulltime
1106	full time	The Feast of Mars, because the Tiber had previously occupied the hipprodrome, was this time held in the forum of Augustus and honored by a kind of horserace and by the slaughter of wild beasts. #fulltime
1107	full time	The socalled portico of Julia was built in honor of Gaius and Lucius, the Cæsars, and was at that time dedicated. #fulltime
1108	full time	The former officials were in some way related to Augustus, and Galba, who afterward came to power, was at this time on the very first day of the year enrolled among the iuvenes. #fulltime
1109	full time	He reigned as monarch, from the time he conquered at Actium, fortyfour years lacking thirteen days. #fulltime
1110	full time	This, indeed, is one of the greatest achievements of Augustus, that when he had just emerged from boyhood and was entering
1110	full time	upon the state of youth, he paid attention to education so long as public affairs were well managed by the famous Cæsar, the
1110	full time	demigod when after the conspiracy against the latter the whole commonwealth was thrown into confusion, he at the same time
1110	full time	amply avenged his father and rendered a much needed aid to you, not fearing the multitude of his enemies nor dreading the greatness of the business nor hesitating through his own immaturity. #fulltime
1111	full time	Not to give you a list of all of them, who does not know about Sosius, about Scaurus the brother of Sextus, and particularly
1111	full time	about Lepidus, who lived so long a time after his defeat and continued to be high priest his whole life through? Next he
1111	full time	honored his companions in conflict with many great gifts, but did not allow them to act in any arrogant way or to be wanton. #fulltime
1112	full time	And making choice of him, whom you had proved worthy by his very deeds, you compelled him to stand at your head for a time at least. #fulltime
1113	full time	When you had in this way tested him even more than before, you finally forced him a second, a third, a fourth, and a fifth time to remain as manager of public affairs. #fulltime
1114	full time	Hence we ought not either to mourn for him, but to give his body back now in due time to Nature, and to glorify his spirit, as that of a god, forever. #fulltime
1115	full time	The majority of those that had lived under a democracy and the more powerful had time to die. #fulltime
1116	full time	At this time they declared Augustus immortal and assigned to him attendants and sacred rites, making Livia who was already called Julia and Augusta his priestess. #fulltime
1117	full time	At a time when he was already surrounded by the bodyguards he asked the senate to help him escape suffering any violence at the burial of the emperor's body. #fulltime
1118	full time	Tiberius acted in this way at that time chiefly because it was his nature and he had determined upon that policy, but partly
1118	full time	also because he was suspicious of the Pannonian and Germanic legions and feared Germanicus, the ruler of the Germany of that day and a favorite of theirs. #fulltime
1119	full time	Indeed, they were at this time with difficulty won over by the persuasions of Blæsus to send envoys to Tiberius at Rome in regard to these matters. #fulltime
1120	full time	As a result, they ceased for the time being their seditious behavior. #fulltime
1121	full time	Yet on this occasion too, as they accomplished nothing, they after a time grew quiet. #fulltime
1122	full time	He would pray, whenever it happened that he was so engaged, that he might live and rule so long a time as should be to the advantage of the public. #fulltime
1123	full time	In order to render his attitude more striking, he would let the first day of the month go by, not entering the senate nor
1123	full time	showing himself at all in the City on that day, but spending the time in some suburb; then later he would come in and take pledges separately. #fulltime
1124	full time	As time went on, however, he put a very great number to death. #fulltime
1125	full time	He killed no one for his money, did not confiscate at this time any one's property, nor collect any funds by abuses. #fulltime
1126	full time	In case he was at any time being carried anywhere in his litter, he would not allow even one of the knights who was prominent to accompany him, still less a senator. #fulltime
1127	full time	She occupied a position of great prominence, far above all women of former time, so that she could at any time receive the senate and such of the people as so wished to greet her in her house. #fulltime
1128	full time	The letters of Tiberius bore for a time her name also and were written by both with equal authority. #fulltime
1129	full time	In the time of Augustus she had had great influence and she declared that it was she who made Tiberius emperor. #fulltime
1130	full time	For during some time the emperor continued to live a very temperate life and allowed no one else to indulge in licentiousness but punished numbers for it. #fulltime
1131	full time	At this time certain knights desired to enter a championship contest in the games which Drusus had arranged for his own
1131	full time	celebration and that of Germanicus; Tiberius did not view their combat, and when one of them was killed he forbade the other to fight as a gladiator again. #fulltime
1132	full time	Likewise, in the case of all the rest of the astrologers and magicians and those who practiced divination in any other way
1132	full time	whatever, he had the foreigners executed and banished all such citizens as still at that time after the previous decree, by
1132	full time	which it had been forbidden to engage in any such business in the City, were accused in court of employing the art. #fulltime
1133	full time	Certain men who had been quaestors the previous year were sent out to the provinces, since those who were quaestors at the time proved too few for them. #fulltime
1134	full time	the king of Cappadocia, because the latter had first become his suppliant to the extent of employing him as advocate when this
1134	full time	monarch in the time of Augustus had been accused by his people, and had subsequently slighted him on the occasion of a visit to Rhodes, but had paid court to Gaius, who also went to Asia. #fulltime
1135	full time	As a matter of fact he had been incommoded previously by loss of mind to the extent of having a guardian placed over his
1135	full time	domain by Augustus; but at that time he was no longer weakwitted and was merely feigning, in the hope of saving himself by this expedient if by no other. #fulltime
1136	full time	In brief, he belonged to the few men of all time who have neither sinned against the fortune allotted to them nor been destroyed by it. #fulltime
1137	full time	The eldest of these, Nero, at that time had his nameplaced among the number of the iuvenes. #fulltime
1138	full time	This Sejanus, accordingly, at one time shared his father's command of the Pretorians. #fulltime
1139	full time	About this time one of the largest porticos in Rome began to lean to one side and was set upright in a remarkable way by a
1139	full time	certain architect whose name no one knows, because Tiberius, jealous of his wonderful achievement, would not permit it to be entered in the records. #fulltime
1140	full time	At the time Tiberius both admired him and felt envious of him; for the former reason he honored him with a present of money and for the latter he expelled him from the city. #fulltime
1141	full time	At the time he entered the senate, delivered the appropriate eulogy over his child, and departed homeward. #fulltime
1142	full time	Of Cæsar and Augustus he had spoken no ill, but at the same time had shown no excessive respect for them. #fulltime
1143	full time	This was the complaint against him, and this it was that caused his death as well as the burning of his works, those found in the city at this time being destroyed by the ædiles, and those abroad by the officials of each place. #fulltime
1144	full time	About this time Tiberius exhibited to the senators his pretorian cohort in the act of exercising, as if they were ignorant of
1144	full time	his power; his purpose was to make them more afraid of him, when they saw his defenders so many and so strong. #fulltime
1145	full time	Besides these events of the time that seem worthy to chronicle in a history, the people of Cyzicus were once more deprived of
1145	full time	their freedom because they had imprisoned certain Romans and because they had not completed the heroüm to Augustus that they had begun to build. #fulltime
1146	full time	He went away about this time from Rome and never returned to the city at all, though he was ever on the point of doing so and kept sending messages to that effect. #fulltime
1147	full time	The senate, however, did not content itself with voting merely the measures which he had ordained, but enjoined upon the women
1147	full time	mourning for her during the entire year, although it approved the course of Tiberius in not abandoning even at this time the conduct of public business. #fulltime
1148	full time	Instead, he bade Gallus in order to make his lot still more dismal to be of good cheer and instructed the senate that he
1148	full time	should be guarded without bonds until the emperor should reach the City; his object, as I said, was to make the prisoner suffer for the longest possible time both from deprivation of his civic rights and from terror. #fulltime
1149	full time	By this time Sejanus was so imposing both in his haughtiness of mind and in his immensity of power that, to make a long matter
1149	full time	short, he seemed to be the emperor and Tiberius a kind of island potentate because the latter spent all his days in the island
1149	full time	called Capreæ. Then there was rivalry and jostling about the great man's doors from the fear not merely that a person might
1149	full time	fail to be observed by his patron but that he might appear among the last for all the words and gestures, particularly of those in front, were carefully watched. #fulltime
1150	full time	He sent many despatches of all kinds regarding himself to Sejanus and to the senate incessantly, saying at one time that he
1150	full time	was poorly and just at the point of death, and again that he was in exceedingly good health and would reach Rome directly. #fulltime
1151	full time	Also a figure of Fortuna, made as is said in the time of Tullius, an early king of Rome, one which Sejanus at this time kept
1151	full time	at his house and took great pride in, he saw turn away while he was sacrificing in person.. and later others who had gone out in their company. #fulltime
1152	full time	As it was, he paid no great heed to what was read from time to time, thinking it a slight matter, a single charge, and hoping that nothing further, or at any rate nothing serious in regard to him had been made a matter of comment. #fulltime
1153	full time	So he let the time slip by and remained where he was. #fulltime
1154	full time	But when the consul shouted at him a second and a third time, at the same time stretching out his arm and saying "Sejanus,
1154	full time	come here!" he enquired blankly "Are you calling me?" So at last he stood up, and Laco, who had entered, took his stand beside him. #fulltime
1155	full time	At this time a great uproar ensued in the City. #fulltime
1156	full time	Nor would Tiberius take any honor bestowed, though many were voted him, chief among them being that he should begin from this
1156	full time	time to be termed Father of his Country and that his birthday should be marked by ten equestrian contests and a senatorial banquet. #fulltime
1157	full time	Tiberius for a time had certainly been in great fear that Sejanus would occupy the City and sail against him, and so he had prepared boats, to the end that, if anything of the sort should come to pass, he might escape. #fulltime
1158	full time	Numbers of men who had been tried on various charges and acquitted were again accused and convicted on the ground that they had been saved the first time as a favor to the deceased. #fulltime
1159	full time	By this means people came to be thoroughly aware, during the time that they were being destroyed through one another's agency, that their former troubles had emanated no more from Sejanus than from Tiberius. #fulltime
1160	full time	At this time also there occurred something else still more laughable. #fulltime
1161	full time	At this time he spared among some others who had been intimate with Sejanus Lucius Cæsianus, a prætor, and Marcus Terentius, a knight. #fulltime
1162	full time	Meantime Vitrasius Pollio, governor of Egypt died, and he entrusted the province for a time to one Hiberus, a Cæsarian. #fulltime
1163	full time	Some he elevated for a longer time and some for a shorter some he stopped before the end of their appointed term and others he allowed to hold office beyond the limits designated. #fulltime
1164	full time	For Tiberius made an important point of their assembling as often as he would have convened them, and insisted on their not arriving later or departing earlier than the time fixed. #fulltime
1165	full time	At the same time he requested the senate not to make the young man conceited by numerous or extraordinary honors, for fear the latter might go astray in one way or another. #fulltime
1166	full time	He therefore clove to Gaius as the most eligible candidate for sole ruler, especially as he felt sure that Tiberius would live but a short time and would be murdered by that very man. #fulltime
1167	full time	The emperor knew of no one else that suited him so entirely, and at the same time he was well aware that the man would be a
1167	full time	thorough knave; yet the story obtains that he was glad to give him the empire in order that his own crimes might find
1167	full time	concealment in the enormity of Gaius's offences and that the largest and the noblest portion of what was left of the senate might perish after him. #fulltime
1168	full time	And what name could one properly give to the elected magistrates, whom from the first he allowed to hold office for an unusually long time?  Now among those who died at this time was also Gallus. #fulltime
1169	full time	Punishment overtook them at the same time that they were celebrating the appropriate festival. #fulltime
1170	full time	This time none of those accused was acquitted, but all were convicted, the majority from documents contributed by Tiberius and
1170	full time	the statements under torture obtained by Macro, the rest by what these two suspected they were planning. #fulltime
1171	full time	Thrasyllus died at this very time and the emperor himself in the following spring, in the consulship of Gnaeus Proculus and Pontius Nigrinus. #fulltime
1172	full time	Concerning himself he stated very accurately both the day and the hour in which he should die, but he falsely declared that
1172	full time	the emperor would live ten more years, in order that the latter, feeling he had a moderately long time to live, might be in no hurry to kill them. #fulltime
1173	full time	Thus did Gaius at this time separate the lad from imperial office, and later in spite of having adopted him he slew him. #fulltime
1174	full time	Of no avail was the fact that Tiberius in his testament, still extant, had written the same words over in a number of ways, as
1174	full time	if this would lend them some force, nor yet that all of it had been at this time read aloud by Macro before the senatorial body. #fulltime
1175	full time	At the same time by paying all the bequests of the dead emperor, as if they were his own, to every one concerned he gained among the many a certain reputation for nobility of character. #fulltime
1176	full time	As it was, he lavished boundless sums upon dancers whose recall he at once effected, upon horses, upon gladiators and
1176	full time	everything of that sort; and so in an inconceivably short time he had exhausted the treasures, which had grown so great, and at the same time convicted himself of having done it through a sort of easygoing temper and indecision. #fulltime
1177	full time	But as time went on he came to imitate and contend in many events, driving chariots, fighting duels, giving exhibitions of dancing, and acting in tragedy. #fulltime
1178	full time	The latter, who had previously been ranked among the knights and after the death of Tiberius had been sent as an envoy to
1178	full time	Gaius in behalf of that order, now for the first time after living fortysix years became both consul and senator at once. #fulltime
1179	full time	Hitherto not more than ten events had been usual, but this time he finished four hundred bears together with an equal number of beasts from Libya. #fulltime
1180	full time	He published, as Augustus had done, all the accounts of public funds, which had not been made known during the time Tiberius was out of the city. #fulltime
1181	full time	Besides all this Gaius showed her honor in not having the festivals which were then due to take place celebrated either at their appointed time except as mere formalities or at any later date. #fulltime
1182	full time	Soon after he caught sight of a lot of mud in an alley and ordered that it be cast into the toga of Flavius Vespasian, who was ædile at the time and had charge of keeping alleys clean. #fulltime
1183	full time	He now became consul again, and though he prevented the priest of Jupiter from taking the oath in the senate for at this time
1183	full time	they regularly did so privately, as in the days of Tiberius, he himself both when he entered upon office and when he relinquished it took the oath like the rest upon the rostra, which had been made larger than before. #fulltime
1184	full time	At the same time that he authorized these murders, apparently because he was so very poor, he devised another kind of transaction. #fulltime
1185	full time	The publication of a decree was deemed necessary to prevent its seeming that he could break the laws in securing by inheritance such gifts; for he had at the time neither wife nor children. #fulltime
1186	full time	But at the time of which I am speaking he proceeded to levy for himself without any vote absolutely all the property of men
1186	full time	who had served among the centurions and had after the triumph which his father celebrated left it to somebody other than the emperor. #fulltime
1187	full time	For this help Corbulo was at the time made consul, but later, in the reign of Claudius, he was accused and his conduct investigated. #fulltime
1188	full time	At this time these unfortunates one by one and practically everybody else in the City were, as one might say, despoiled. #fulltime
1189	full time	Up to this time he was always speaking ill of Tiberius before everybody, and so far from rebuking others who criticised him privately or publicly he enjoyed their language. #fulltime
1190	full time	For the number it had proved possible to collect in a brief space of time was insufficient, although all feasible vessels had been gathered, and it was principally this fact that caused a serious famine in Italy and Rome. #fulltime
1191	full time	These two did not stand trial but despatched themselves before the time set. #fulltime
1192	full time	Among these men put on trial at this time Domitius Afer encountered danger from an unexpected source and secured his preservation in a still more remarkable way. #fulltime
1193	full time	Just about this time Afer had set up an image of the emperor and had placed upon it an inscription showing that Gaius in his twentyseventh year was already consul for the second time. #fulltime
1194	full time	Directly he appointed Domitius consul and removed those who held the office at the time this he did because they had not
1194	full time	proclaimed a thanksgiving on the occasion of his birthday the prætors had held a horserace and had slaughtered some beasts,
1194	full time	but that happened every year whereas they had celebrated a festival to commemorate the victory of Augustus over Antony. #fulltime
1195	full time	The latter had, to be sure, restored the elections to the populace, but they had become rather lax in the performance of their
1195	full time	duties because for a long time now they had enjoyed none of the privileges of freemen; and as a rule no more officeseekers
1195	full time	presented themselves than were needed to fill vacant places, or if ever there was an excessive number the outcome had been all arranged among themselves. #fulltime
1196	full time	Another time he was playing dice and, finding that he had no money, called for the census of the Gauls and ordered the wealthiest of them to be put to death. #fulltime
1197	full time	He sent to the senate at the time a report of the matter as if he had escaped some great plot, for he was always pretending to be in danger and to be leading a miserable existence. #fulltime
1198	full time	At the time under discussion Gaius divorced Paulina on the pretext that she was barren, but really because he had had enough of her, and married Milonia Cæsonia. #fulltime
1199	full time	Among the men exiled at this time Ofonius Tigillinus was banished on the charge of having had a liaison with Agrippina. #fulltime
1200	full time	As a consequence, while he was consul for the third time no tribune nor prætor dared to convene the senate. #fulltime
1201	full time	For he had no colleague; though this, as some think, was not intentional, but the regular appointee died and no one else in so short a period of time as was available could be brought forward in the comitia to fill his place. #fulltime
1202	full time	Furthermore, according to a custom prevailing in the time of Augustus, they deposited money,  making a show of giving it to the emperor himself. #fulltime
1203	full time	At the time of the events just narrated they came together in the senatehouse after these proceedings, without any person
1203	full time	having convened them, but accomplished nothing, wasting the whole day in laudations of Gaius and prayers in his behalf. #fulltime
1204	full time	He fell at the emperor's feet shedding tears of lamentation, all the time saluting him frequently as divine and paying him worship; at last he vowed that should he survive he would sacrifice to Gaius. #fulltime
1205	full time	Likewise whenever a bolt fell, he would in turn hurl a javelin at a rock, repeating each time the words of Homer "Either lift me or I will thee. #fulltime
1206	full time	This god, then, this Jupiter, he was called by the latter name so much that it even found its way into documents, at the same time that all this took place was collecting money in most shameful and most frightful ways. #fulltime
1207	full time	Again, an oracle had a short time before warned Gaius to beware of Cassius. #fulltime
1208	full time	Pomponius Secundus, consul at the time, was taking his fill of the food as he sat by the emperor's feet, and at the same time kept continually bending over to shower kisses upon them. #fulltime
1209	full time	He was attending Gaius when the latter came out of the theatre, and at this time through fear of the confusion had crouched down out of the way. #fulltime
1210	full time	The consuls for a time sent tribunes and others forbidding him to assume any such authority and to submit to the jurisdiction
1210	full time	of the people and the senate and the laws; but, when their attendant soldiers left them in the lurch, then finally they too yielded and voted him all the remaining privileges pertaining to sole rulership. #fulltime
1211	full time	From a child he had been reared with careful nursing and in the midst of terror and had for that reason feigned simplicity to
1211	full time	a greater extent than was really true this fact he himself admitted in the senate and as he had lived for a long time with his
1211	full time	grandmother Livia and for another long period with his mother Antonia and again with liberti, and moreover had had several
1211	full time	amours with women, he had acquired no qualities becoming a freeman, but although ruler of all the Romans and their subjects he was himself nothing more nor less than a slave. #fulltime
1212	full time	In addition, when at one time in the senate the consuls came down from their seats to talk with him, he rose in turn and went to meet them. #fulltime
1213	full time	Likewise he did not wear the triumphal garb the entire time of the games, though permission was voted to him, but appeared in it merely to offer sacrifice; the rest of the festival he superintended in the purplebordered garment. #fulltime
1214	full time	Previous to this time the different classes in attendance had watched the spectacle each from its own special location,
1214	full time	senators, knights, and populace; thus it had come to be a regular practice, yet no definite positions had been assigned to them. #fulltime
1215	full time	It was at this time that Claudius marked off the space which still belongs to the senate, and furthermore he allowed those senators who chose to view the sights somewhere else and even in citizen's dress. #fulltime
1216	full time	But certain other deeds were done at this time of an entirely different nature by his freedmen and by his wife, Valeria Messalina. #fulltime
1217	full time	This was always his practice, every time he was consul. #fulltime
1218	full time	He had the governors who were chosen by lot set out before the first day of April; for it was their habit to delay a long time in the City. #fulltime
1219	full time	You may see how really moderate Claudius was in all such matters from the fact that when a son was born to him, called at that
1219	full time	time Claudius Tiberius Germanicus but later also Britannicus, he did not make the occasion in any way conspicuous and would not allow him to be named Augustus nor Messalina Augusta. #fulltime
1220	full time	It might be noted particularly that he used to delight greatly even at lunch time in watching those who were incidentally cut down in the middle of the spectacle. #fulltime
1221	full time	This man, who was of very noble family and at the time was governor of Spain, he had sent for, pretending that he wanted to
1221	full time	see him about something, had married him to Messalina's mother, and had for some time held him in honor among his dearest and closest friends. #fulltime
1222	full time	Claudius for a time was quite cowed with fear and was ready at a demand from Camillus to withdraw from his sovereignty voluntarily. #fulltime
1223	full time	Many men therefore at this time and many women incurred punishment. #fulltime
1224	full time	It was at this time that a certain Galæsus, a freedman of Camillus, was brought into the senate and talked with the utmost frankness on a variety of subjects. #fulltime
1225	full time	Many persons were all the time becoming objects of blackmail, some because they did not use Claudius's proper title and others
1225	full time	because they were going to leave him nothing when they died, the blackmailers asserting that it was necessary for those who obtained citizenship from him to do both of these things. #fulltime
1226	full time	At the same time that these events were happening in the City Aulus Plautius, a senator of great renown, made a campaign against Britain. #fulltime
1227	full time	Nor even at this time would they come into closer conflict with the invaders, but took refuge in the swamps and in the
1227	full time	forests, hoping to exhaust their opponents in some other way, so that the latter as in the days of Julius Cæsar would sail back emptyhanded. #fulltime
1228	full time	Portions of Britain, then, were captured at this time in the manner described. #fulltime
1229	full time	After this, during the second consulship of Gaius Crispus and the first of Titus Statilius, Claudius came to Rome at the end
1229	full time	of a six months' absence from the city of which time he had spent only sixteen days in Britain and celebrated his triumph. #fulltime
1230	full time	Marcus Julius Cottius received an increase in his ancestral domain which included the Alps named after him and was now for the first time called king. #fulltime
1231	full time	Beside these events of the time the weekly market was transferred to a different day because of some religious rites. #fulltime
1232	full time	following year Marcus Vinicius for the second and Statilius Corvinus for the first time entered upon the office of consul. #fulltime
1233	full time	Persons who preferred a request to leave Italy for a time were given permission by Claudius himself without action of the
1233	full time	senate; yet, in order to appear to be doing it under some form of law, he ordered that a decree to the effect be issued. #fulltime
1234	full time	At the time under consideration he arranged the votive festival which he had promised in commemoration of his campaign. #fulltime
1235	full time	This, then, is what happens to the sun and it was made public by Claudius at the time mentioned. #fulltime
1236	full time	At the close of that year Valerius Asiaticus for the second time and also Marcus Silanus became consuls. #fulltime
1237	full time	Inasmuch as he was extremely welltodo and by being consul a second time had aroused the dislike and jealousy of many, he desired in a way to overthrow himself, feeling that by so doing he would be less likely to encounter danger. #fulltime
1238	full time	For a time all the Cæesarians were on good terms with her and everything they did was with one mind. #fulltime
1239	full time	She made Domitius at this time soninlaw of Claudius and later actually had him adopted. #fulltime
1240	full time	And a certain astrologer from this and from the motion of the stars at that time and their relation to one another divined two things in regard to him, that he would rule and that he would murder his mother. #fulltime
1241	full time	When the time for the latter also comes, they are cast down and would choose not to have secured even the greatest good thing. #fulltime
1242	full time	As time went on, the finding of a serpent skin around Nero's neck when he was but a boy caused the seers to say "He shall acquire great power from the aged man. #fulltime
1243	full time	Before the senate he read such a considerable document, this, too, written by Seneca, that it was voted the statements should
1243	full time	be inscribed on a silver tablet and should be read every time the new consuls took up the duties of their office. #fulltime
1244	full time	Innumerable acts of violence and insult, of rape and murder, were committed both by the emperor himself and by those who at one time or another had influence with him. #fulltime
1245	full time	He had ordered no less than two hundred and fifty myriads at one time to be given to Doryphorus, who attended to the state documents of his empire. #fulltime
1246	full time	The populace, seeing Agrippina now for the first time without Pretorians, took care not to fall in with her even by accident; and if any one did chance to meet her he would hastily get out of the way without saying a word. #fulltime
1247	full time	At the close of it he suddenly withdrew the water, dried the subsoil, and continued land contests, not only between two men at a time but with crowds pitted against other crowds. #fulltime
1248	full time	In mentioning these details I have at least given a hint of their inevitable adjuncts, the licentiousness in which he indulged
1248	full time	at the very time that he made a most brilliant marriage, and the delight that he took in boys past their prime a practice which he also taught Nero to follow. #fulltime
1249	full time	For this and for his adultery some complaints were lodged against him, but at this time he was himself released without formal accusations and succeeded in begging off Pallas and Burrus. #fulltime
1250	full time	By the time the ship was finished Agrippina had been quite won over by Nero's attentions, for he exhibited devotion to her in every way to make sure that she should suspect nothing and be off her guard. #fulltime
1251	full time	For a time he was subject to fears and questionings, but, after the ambassadors had made him a number of pleasing speeches, he regained courage. #fulltime
1252	full time	The Britons mourned her deeply and gave her a costly burial; but, as they themselves were this time really defeated, they scattered to their homes. #fulltime
1253	full time	Indeed, Burrus used such unmitigated frankness that on one occasion, when he was asked by the emperor a second time for an
1253	full time	opinion on matters regarding which he had already made clear his attitude, he answered bluntly "When I have once had my say about anything, don't ask me again. #fulltime
1254	full time	Again, one time after the slaughter of beasts he straightway brought water into the theatre by means of pipes and produced a seafight then he let the water out again and arranged a gladiatorial combat. #fulltime
1255	full time	All this time many who were carrying out their goods and many more who were stealing what belonged to others kept encountering one another and falling over the merchandise. #fulltime
1256	full time	The calamity which the city at this time experienced has no parallel before or since, except in the Gallic invasion. #fulltime
1257	full time	And so it proved, whether this was actually revealed beforehand by some divination or whether the populace now for the first time gave it the form of a divine saying adapted to existing circumstances. #fulltime
1258	full time	They desired at one and the same time to be rid of these evils and to give Nero his release from them. #fulltime
1259	full time	It was his wish to end the life of his wife Paulina at the same time with his own, for he declared that he had taught her to despise death and that she desired to leave the world in company with him. #fulltime
1260	full time	Now Asclepiodotus so far from speaking against Soranus bore witness to his noble qualities; he was at the time exiled for his pains, but later, under Galba, was restored. #fulltime
1261	full time	Sabina also perished at this time through an act of Nero's. #fulltime
1262	full time	Nero missed her so that after her death, at first, on learning that there was a woman resembling her he sent for and kept this
1262	full time	female later because a boy of the liberti class, named Sporus, resembled Sabina, he had him castrated and used him in every
1262	full time	way like a woman; and in due time he formally married him though he Nero was already married to a freedman Pythagoras. #fulltime
1263	full time	At the time with which we are immediately concerned many, as I stated, were put to death and many who purchased their preservation with Tigillinus with a great price were released. #fulltime
1264	full time	He was now making preparations to compile in verse a narration of all the achievements of the Romans before composing any of
1264	full time	it, however, he began to consider the proper number of books, and took as his adviser Annaeus Cornutus, who at this time was famed for his learning. #fulltime
1265	full time	Everything was in readiness by the time night drew to a close and at daybreak Nero, wearing the triumphal garb and accompanied by the senate and the Pretorians, entered the Forum. #fulltime
1266	full time	He saw that the subjugation of these regions demanded time and labor and hoped that they would submit to him of their own accord and he sent spies to both places. #fulltime
1267	full time	Sulla that bulletined the names of others, but Nero bulletined his own name? What victory less deserves the name than that by
1267	full time	which one receives the olive, the laurel, the parsley, or the firtree garland, and loses the political crown? And why should
1267	full time	one bewail these acts of his alone, seeing that he also by treading on the highsoled buskins lowered himself from his eminence
1267	full time	of power, and by hiding behind the mask lost the dignity of his sovereignty to beg in the guise of a runaway slave, to be led
1267	full time	like a blind man, to conceive, to bear children, to go mad to drive a chariot, as he acted out time after time the story of
1267	full time	Oedipus, and of Thyestes, of Heracles and Alemeon, and of Orestes? The masks he wore were sometimes made to resemble the characters and sometimes had his own likeness. #fulltime
1268	full time	Thus the Roman domain was at that time a slave to two emperors at once, Nero and Helius; and I do not feel able to say which was the worse. #fulltime
1269	full time	It is stated also that knights belonging to the army used in his reign for the first time saddlecloths during their public review. #fulltime
1270	full time	For this and other purposes he needed great sums of money; and as he was a promoter of great enterprises and a liberal giver
1270	full time	and at the same time feared an attack from the persons of most influence while he was thus engaged, he destroyed many excellent men. #fulltime
1271	full time	These two deserve attention because they were in a way brothers and contemporaries, never doing anything separately but united
1271	full time	in purpose and in property as they were in family they had for a long time administered the affairs of the Germanies and had come to Greece at the summons of Nero, who affected to want something from them. #fulltime
1272	full time	The condemned man, as soon as he understood the import of the order, seized a sword, and dealing himself a lusty blow
1272	full time	exclaimed "Your due!" Now for the first time in his career was he ready to believe that he had done ill both in sparing the zitherplayer and in going to him unarmed. #fulltime
1273	full time	Does it add much to mention that Nero ordered Paris the dancer killed because he wished to learn dancing from him and was
1273	full time	disappointed? Or that he banished Caecina Tuscus, governor of Egypt, for bathing in the tub that had been specially
1273	full time	constructed for his coming visit to Alexandria?  In Rome about this same time Helius committed many acts of outrage. #fulltime
1274	full time	Helius having for some time sent Nero repeated messages urging him to return as quickly as possible, when he found that no
1274	full time	attention was paid to them, went himself to Greece on the seventh day and frightened him by saying that a great conspiracy against him was on foot in Rome. #fulltime
1275	full time	If he was at any time compelled by circumstances to make some exclamation, yet somebody, reminding him that he was to appear as citharoedist, would straightway check and control him. #fulltime
1276	full time	For Nero himself they instituted a search in all directions and for some time were at a loss to know whither he could have betaken himself. #fulltime
1277	full time	By this time the horsemen were close at hand, and so he killed himself, uttering that farfamed sentence "Jupiter, what an artist perishes in me!" And as he lingered in his agony Epaphroditus dealt him a finishing stroke. #fulltime
1278	full time	There was no one who might not hope to lay hands on the sovereignty in a time of so great confusion. #fulltime
1279	full time	He beheld in visions the Goddess of Fortune telling him that she had now stuck by him for a long time yet no one appeared
1279	full time	ready to take her into his house; and if she should be barred out much longer she should take up her abode with some one else. #fulltime
1280	full time	At the same time Marcus Salvius Otho, angry because he had not been adopted by Galba, brought about once more a beginning of countless evils for the Romans. #fulltime
1281	full time	About this time also a man was caught pretending to be Nero. #fulltime
1282	full time	He had always been the kind of man that would spend his time in taverns and gaming houses, over dancers and charioteers. #fulltime
1283	full time	When he fell ill one time he looked about for a room to afford him an abode; so little did even Nero's surroundings satisfy him. #fulltime
1284	full time	At the same time that this happened Vespasian, engaged in warfare with the Jews, sent his son Titus to the emperor Galba to give him a message. #fulltime
1285	full time	For the time being he sent Mucianus to Italy against Vitellius, while he himself, after taking a look at affairs in Syria and entrusting to others the conduct of the war against the Jews, proceeded to Egypt. #fulltime
1286	full time	Such was the madness that possessed both sides alike and so eager were they, incited by the very memories of the spot, which made one party resolved to conquer this time also, and the other not to be conquered this time either. #fulltime
1287	full time	At that time two men of the Vespasian party wrought a notable achievement. #fulltime
1288	full time	Vitellius, on learning of the defeat, was for a time quite disturbed. #fulltime
1289	full time	The following day, when their adversaries assailed them, they managed for a time to repulse them; but when the environs of the Capitol were set on fire, its defenders were beaten back by the flame. #fulltime
1290	full time	one of the foremost senators and a relative of Vespasian by marriage and by Antonius Primus for Mucianus had not yet overtaken them were by this time close at hand, and Vitellius fell into the depths of terror. #fulltime
1291	full time	As he was eating dinner in the country, where most of his time was spent, a cow approached him, knelt down, and put her head beneath his feet. #fulltime
1292	full time	He happened to be spending most of his time near the Alban Mount, devoting himself to his passion for Domitia, the daughter of Corbulo. #fulltime
1293	full time	Her he took away from her husband, Lucius Lamia Aelianus, and at this time he had her for one of his mistresses, but later he actually married her. #fulltime
1294	full time	After a time the Romans managed to scale the outside circle, and, pitching their camps between the two encompassing lines of fortification, assaulted the second wall. #fulltime
1295	full time	But, as time dragged in the conduct of the siege, he left Titus in Palestine and took passage himself on a merchantman; he
1295	full time	sailed in this manner as far as Lycia, and from that country partly by overland journeys and partly by seafaring he came to Brundusium. #fulltime
1296	full time	He spent most of his time on the Alban estate and did many ridiculous things, one of them being to impale flies on pencils. #fulltime
1297	full time	Vespasian got laughed at every time that he would say, when spending money "I am making this outlay from my own purse. #fulltime
1298	full time	He lived but little in the palace, spending most of his time in the socalled Sallustian Gardens. #fulltime
1299	full time	He was at this time praetor and instead of doing aught to increase the honor due to the emperor he would not cease reviling him. #fulltime
1300	full time	Thrasea lived in Nero's time and disliked the tyrant. #fulltime
1301	full time	I have recorded this fact to prevent a misapprehension on the part of any persons who might reckon the time with reference to the men who were in power. #fulltime
1302	full time	Perhaps his satisfactory conduct was also due to his surviving so short a time compared with most rulers, for he was thus given little opportunity for wrongdoing. #fulltime
1303	full time	Augustus, though at the outset he had shown himself rather harsh because of the wars and the political factions, was able
1303	full time	later in the course of time to become distinguished for his kindnesses Titus ruled with forbearance and died at the summit of
1303	full time	his glory, whereas if he had enjoyed a longer life, it might have been proved that he owes his present fame more to good fortune than to virtue. #fulltime
1304	full time	It is worth noting that Titus during his reign put no senator to death, nor was any one else slain by him all the time that he was emperor. #fulltime
1305	full time	Some thought the giants were rising in revolt for even at this time many of their forms could be discerned in the smoke and
1305	full time	moreover a kind of sound of trumpets was heard, while others believed that the whole world was disappearing in chaos or fire. #fulltime
1306	full time	This ashes for the time being did them no great harm later it bred among them a terrible pestilence. #fulltime
1307	full time	When he had finished this exhibition, he wept so bitterly on the last day that all the people saw him, and after this time he
1307	full time	performed no other great deed; but the following year, in the consulship of Flavius  L. Flavius Silva Nonius Bassus. #fulltime
1308	full time	He had no genuine affection for any human being save a few women, but he always pretended to love the person whom at any time he was most determined to slay. #fulltime
1309	full time	And what need is there of mentioning the honors bestowed upon him at this juncture for his exploit or from time to time upon
1309	full time	the other emperors who were like him? For the object in any case was simply not to arouse the rage of those despots by letting
1309	full time	them suspect, in consequence of the small number and insignificance of the rewards, that the people saw through them. #fulltime
1310	full time	The greatest war that the Romans had on their hands at this time was one against the Dacians. #fulltime
1311	full time	Hence he showed himself for a long time a worthy antagonist of the Romans. #fulltime
1312	full time	So at this time he feasted the populace as described, but on another occasion he entertained the foremost men of the senate and the knights in the following fashion. #fulltime
1313	full time	Lusianus Proculus, an aged senator, who spent most of his time in the country, had come out with Domitian from Borne under
1313	full time	compulsion so as to avoid the appearance of deserting him when in danger and the death that might very likely be the result of such conduct. #fulltime
1314	full time	Among the many who perished at this time was also Mettius Pompusianus, whom Vespasian had refused to harm in any way after learning from some report that he would one day be sole ruler, but  Reading Greek hallaDindorf. #fulltime
1315	full time	His life prior to that time  Reading Greek proebebiochei Boissevain. #fulltime
1316	full time	This he confirmed by oaths not merely at that time but also later. #fulltime
1317	full time	After spending some time in Rome he instituted a campaign against the Dacians; for he made their deeds the object of thought and was irritated at the amount of money they were annually getting. #fulltime
1318	full time	Trajan had now seized some fortified mountains and on them found the arms and the captured engines, as well as the standard which had been taken in the time Fuscus. #fulltime
1319	full time	Decebalus, for this reason, and particularly because Maximus at the same time had possession of his sister and a strong position, was ready to agree without exception to every demand made. #fulltime
1320	full time	Trajan's reason for constructing the bridge was his fear that, some time when the Ister was frozen, war might be made on the Romans across the water, and his desire to enjoy the easy access to them that this work would permit. #fulltime
1321	full time	Leaving garrisons at opportune points Trajan came to Edessa, and there for the first time he set eyes upon Abgarus. #fulltime
1322	full time	Sometimes he even had his scouts circulate false reports, in order that the soldiers might at the same time practice military manoeuvres and be so impervious to alarm as to be ready for anything. #fulltime
1323	full time	Trajan about spring time proceeded into the enemy's country. #fulltime
1324	full time	Hereupon they advanced as far as Babylon itself, being quite free from molestation, since the Parthian power had been ruined by civil conflicts and was still at this time involved in dissensions. #fulltime
1325	full time	Alexander he counted a happy man and at the same time declared that he himself had advanced farther. #fulltime
1326	full time	For, during the time that he was sailing down the ocean and returning from there again, all his conquests were thrown into tumult and revolted. #fulltime
1327	full time	It was neither at this time taken by Trajan nor later by Severus, although they knocked down some parts of its wall. #fulltime
1328	full time	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORYHadrian without being adopted succeeds, through the favor of Plotina chapters ,  About the assassinations
1328	full time	authorized by Hadrian about his varied learning and jealousies chapters ,  His virtues, particularly affability and generosity
1328	full time	old arrears of debt forgiven chapters ,  Travels discipline of the army reformed interest in hunting chapters ,  How he
1328	full time	honored Antinous with various marks of remembrance chapter  Uprising of Jews on account of the founding of Capitolina Bithynia
1328	full time	recovered chapters  The Albanians are held in check Pharasmanes the Iberian is honored chapter  The Temple of Jupiter Olympius
1328	full time	and the Panellenium are consecrated chapter  Growing ill, he adopts Commodus, slays Servianus the distinguished services of
1328	full time	Turbo, Fronto, Similis chapters  On the death of Commodus he adopts Antoninus, the latter adopting at the same time Marcus and
1328	full time	Verus chapters ,  How Hadrian departed this life chapters ,DURATION OF TIME.  Quinctius Niger, Vipsanius Apronianus. #fulltime
1329	full time	At the time that he was declared emperor, Hadrian was in Antioch, the metropolis of Syria, of which he was governor. #fulltime
1330	full time	Dionysius is said to have remarked at this time to Avidius  Boissevain's reading. #fulltime
1331	full time	It happened that Hadrian at the time was pluming himself upon some such drawing. #fulltime
1332	full time	He did not wait to be asked, but was certain to act each time according to each man's needs. #fulltime
1333	full time	A characteristic anecdote is that which brings in the name of Cornelius Fronto, at this time reputed to be the foremost Roman advocate in lawsuits. #fulltime
1334	full time	And he took unwillingly at that time the command of the Pretorians, and after taking it resigned it. #fulltime
1335	full time	Since he was destitute of male children, Hadrian adopted for him Commodus's son Commodus and, moreover, besides the latter,
1335	full time	Marcus Annius Verus; for he wished to appoint those who were afterwards to be emperors for as long a time ahead as possible. #fulltime
1336	full time	Notwithstanding, the senate persisted for a long time in its refusal to vote him divine honors, and in its strictures upon
1336	full time	some of those who had committed excesses during his reign and had been honored therefor, when they ought to have been chastised. #fulltime
1337	full time	He was personally weak in body and he devoted the greater part of his time to letters. #fulltime
1338	full time	Lucius, accordingly, on coming to Antioch collected a great many soldiers, and with the best commanders under his supervision
1338	full time	took up a position in the city, spending his time in ordering all arrangements and in gathering the contingent for the war. #fulltime
1339	full time	He knew well the right time for flattery and presents and entertainment at table. #fulltime
1340	full time	This refers to the contrivance known as the clepsydra or waterclock, which measured time by the slow dropping of water from an upper into a lower vessel, somewhat on the plan of the hourglass. #fulltime
1341	full time	? ? The Iazyges were conquered by the Romans on land at this time and subsequently on the river. #fulltime
1342	full time	At a time when the Romans had run into danger in the battle the Heavenly Power most unexpectedly saved them. #fulltime
1343	full time	In the same spot one might see water and fire descending from Heaven at the same time the one side was being drenched and drinking, the other was being burned with fire and dying. #fulltime
1344	full time	He was for the seventh time saluted as imperator by the soldiers. #fulltime
1345	full time	nevertheless this time he took it under the assumption that it was bestowed from Heaven, and he sent a despatch to that effect to the senate. #fulltime
1346	full time	The Quadi had not only made alliances at this time with the Iazyges, but previously, too, were wont to receive in their own land Marcomanian fugitives who might be hard pressed, while that tribe was at war with the Romans. #fulltime
1347	full time	That they were still strong at this time and could have done the Romans great harm is evident from the fact that they gave
1347	full time	back one hundred thousand captives out of a body in which many had been sold, many were dead, and many had run away and been recaptured. #fulltime
1348	full time	Now while he was in this frame of mind, a message came that Marcus was dead in such circumstances reports always make matters
1348	full time	worse than they really are and immediately, without waiting to confirm the rumor, he laid claim to the empire on the ground that it had been bestowed upon him by the soldiers at this time quartered in Pannonia. #fulltime
1349	full time	Marcus, on being informed of his uprising by Verus, the governor of Cappadocia, for a time concealed it; but, as the soldiers
1349	full time	were being mightily disturbed by the reports and were doing a deal of talking, he called them together and read an address of
1349	full time	the following nature  "Fellowsoldiers, I have not come before you to express indignation, nor yet in a spirit of lamentation. #fulltime
1350	full time	For it is on behalf of the public that I continue to toil and undergo dangers and have spent so much time yonder outside of
1350	full time	Italy, during mature manhood and now in old age and weakness, though I can not take food without pain nor get sleep free from anxiety. #fulltime
1351	full time	Marcus at the time he was preparing for the war against Cassius would accept no barbarian alliance although he found a
1351	full time	concourse of foreign nations offering their services; for he said that the barbarians ought not to know about troubles arising between Romans. #fulltime
1352	full time	While Marcus was making preparations for the civil war, many victories over various barbarians were reported at one and the same time with the death of Cassius. #fulltime
1353	full time	About this same time Faustina died, either of the gout from which she had suffered or from less natural causes and to avoid being convicted of her compact with Cassius. #fulltime
1354	full time	A law was at this time passed that no one should be governor in the province from which he had originally come, because the revolt of Cassius had occurred during his administration of Syria, which included his native district. #fulltime
1355	full time	And Marcus was for the tenth time saluted as imperator. #fulltime
1356	full time	He lived fiftyeight years, ten months, and twentytwo days, and of this time he had spent considerable as assistant to the
1356	full time	previous Antoninus and had himself been emperor nineteen years and eleven days, yet from first to last he remained the same and changed not a particle. #fulltime
1357	full time	Besides the conditions which his father had settled upon with them new ones were now imposed requiring them to restore to him
1357	full time	the deserters and the captives that they took after this time and to contribute annually a stipulated amount of grain, a demand from which he subsequently released them. #fulltime
1358	full time	There was a certain Marcia, mistress of Quadratus one of the men murdered at this time and Eclectus, his cubicularius the
1358	full time	latter became also the cubicularius of Commodus, and the former, first, the emperor's mistress and later the wife of Eclectus; and she beheld them also perish by violence. #fulltime
1359	full time	They had exhibited the most striking example ever seen of affection for each other, and at no time had they been divided, even in their political offices. #fulltime
1360	full time	Sextus Condianus, son of Maximus, who surpassed the generality of men in character and education, when be heard that sentence
1360	full time	of death had been passed upon him, too, drank hare's blood he was at that time located in Syria; and after this he mounted a horse and purposely fell from it. #fulltime
1361	full time	And when this story was reported for it is impossible to conceal for a long time so weighty a matter, there was hue and cry after him in every place, bar none. #fulltime
1362	full time	This man, who was temperate and frugal and always followed strict military rules in regard to food and all other details when he was at war, became in course of time haughty and arrogant. #fulltime
1363	full time	With his own hands and without assistance he gave the finishing stroke to five hippopotami at one time and to two elephants on separate days. #fulltime
1364	full time	At one time what might be called a loud rumor and many reports were circulating in regard to his destruction and, though
1364	full time	Commodus frequently wished to get him out of the way, he still kept putting it off and shrinking from the deed until the man grew very bold, and one day approaching Perennis said "I hear that you wish to kill me. #fulltime
1365	full time	As time went on he attained such prominence that he slept before the chamber of Commodus, married the emperor's concubine
1365	full time	Damostratia, and put to death Saoterus of Nicomedea who had held the position before him besides many others. #fulltime
1366	full time	There was a horserace on, and as the horses were about to contend for the seventh time a crowd of children ran into the race course, at their head a tall and sturdy maiden. #fulltime
1367	full time	I have obtained this goddess, it appears, as the guide of the conduct of my life, and therefore I am dependent on her entirely
1367	full time	she gives me strength for my historical research when I am respectful and subdued before her, and wins me back to work by
1367	full time	means of dreams when I am discouraged and give up the task she grants me delightful hopes in regard to the future, that time will allow this history to survive and never let its brightness be dimmed. #fulltime
1368	full time	Pertinax was one of those men to whom no exception can be taken, but he ruled only for an exceedingly brief space of time and was then put out of the way by the soldiers. #fulltime
1369	full time	Since they had got rid of one ruler, and as yet had nothing to fear from his successor, they made the most of their freedom in the intervening time and secured a reputation for frankness by their fearlessness. #fulltime
1370	full time	After this they exhumed the bodies, some of which were found entire and some in fragments, according as decay and time had
1370	full time	caused each of them to fare, and they gave them decent treatment and deposited them in their ancestral tombs. #fulltime
1371	full time	At this time the treasury was suffering from such lack of funds that only twentyfive myriad denarii could be found. #fulltime
1372	full time	He did not comprehend, though a well trained man of affairs, that it is impossible with safety to reform everything at once, but that the constitution of a government requires, if anything does, both time and wisdom. #fulltime
1373	full time	Captivated by the difference and at the same time through fear that Sulpicianus might avenge Pertinax an idea that Julianus put into their heads they received the highest bidder inside and designated him emperor. #fulltime
1374	full time	Finding the dinner that had been prepared for Pertinax he made great fun of it, and sending out to every place from which by
1374	full time	any means whatever something expensive could be procured at that time of day he satisfied his hunger the corpse was still lying in the building and then proceeded to amuse himself by dicing. #fulltime
1375	full time	The senate had at one time voted him a golden statue and he refused to accept it, saying "Give me a bronze one so that it may
1375	full time	last; for I perceive that the gold and silver statues of the emperors that ruled before me have been torn down, whereas the bronze ones remain. #fulltime
1376	full time	There were three men at this time who were commanding each three legions of citizens and many foreigners besides, and they all asserted their claims, Severus, Niger, and Albinus. #fulltime
1377	full time	He did not venture outside a protecting circle of weapons, having selected his six hundred most valiant men in whose midst he passed his time day and night; these did not once put off their breastplates until they reached Rome. #fulltime
1378	full time	So it was that Julianus came to be slain as he was reclining in the palace itself; he had only time to say "Why, what harm
1378	full time	have I done? Whom have I killed?" He had lived sixty years, four months, and the same number of days, out of which he had reigned sixtysix days. #fulltime
1379	full time	At another time he was taken by some one to a point affording a wide view; and as he gazed from it over all the earth and all
1379	full time	the sea he laid his fingers on them as one might on some instrument  Compare Plato, Republic,  C. capable of all harmonies, and they answered to his touch. #fulltime
1380	full time	His funeral, in spite of the time elapsed since his death, took place as follows  In the Forum Romanum a wooden platform was
1380	full time	constructed hard by the stone one, upon which was set a building without walls but encompassed by columns, with elaborate ivory and gold decoration. #fulltime
1381	full time	But at this time he was more than usually elated, so that he showed how much he liked those who called him "the new
1381	full time	Alexander"; and when one man asked, "Who gave you permission to do this?" he pointed to his sword and rejoined, "This did. #fulltime
1382	full time	The rest, when they had laden their boats with more than the latter could bear, set sail after waiting this time also for a great storm. #fulltime
1383	full time	The inhabitants of Byzantium, as they watched this, for a time called unceasingly upon the gods and kept uttering now one
1383	full time	shout and now another at the various events, according as each one was affected by the spectacle or the disaster enacted before his eyes. #fulltime
1384	full time	Severus was so pleased at the capture of Byzantium that to his soldiers in Mesopotamia where he was at this time he said
1384	full time	unreservedly "We have taken Byzantium, too!" He deprived the city of its independence and of its civil rank, and made it tributary, confiscating the property of the citizens. #fulltime
1385	full time	The visitor was not discovered at the time nor was he later arrested. #fulltime
1386	full time	And the Arabians, because none of their neighbors was willing to aid them, sent an embassy a second time to Severus making quite reasonable propositions. #fulltime
1387	full time	Before Severus had had time to recover breath from his conflicts with the barbarians he found a civil war on his hands with Albinus, his Caesar. #fulltime
1388	full time	For not otherwise could so many myriads of men have started to utter the same shouts at the same time like some carefully trained chorus or have spoken the words without mistake just as if they had practiced them. #fulltime
1389	full time	LXXV,  In Britain at this period, because the Caledonians did not abide by their promises but made preparations to aid the
1389	full time	Maeatians, and because Severus at the time was attending to the war abroad, Lupus was compelled to purchase peace for the Maeatians at a high figure, and recovered some few captives. #fulltime
1390	full time	Hence it is always covered with snow, which in summer time sends down great quantities of water. #fulltime
1391	full time	For one thing, his portrait statues were not only far more numerous but also larger than theirs, and this not simply in
1391	full time	outside cities but in Rome itself, and they were at this time reared not merely by individuals but by no less a body than the senate itself. #fulltime
1392	full time	Therefore, from this time on every woman, no matter what her origin, was prohibited from fighting in the arena. #fulltime
1393	full time	Still, for a time most of this eluded Severus's individual notice, or else he knew it but pretended the opposite. #fulltime
1394	full time	This was done as a surprise at the observances held in the palace in honor of the heroes, at a time when the spectacle had ceased and dinner was about to be served. #fulltime
1395	full time	As for Saturninus and Euodus, they were honored at the time but were later executed by Antoninus. #fulltime
1396	full time	The sons of Severus, Antoninus and Greta, felt as if they had got rid of a pedagogue in Plautianus, and their conduct was from this time on irresponsible. #fulltime
1397	full time	He had been aedile at the time and was extremely bald. #fulltime
1398	full time	We commended this speech, the informer was brought in while the senator stood by, and for a long time was silent, looking about for the man to point out. #fulltime
1399	full time	This implied that up to this time his obscure origin had made him as good as fatherless. #fulltime
1400	full time	Artisans, however, he detained for a time and after making use of their skill dismissed them with something extra as a present. #fulltime
1401	full time	The enemy purposely put sheep and cattle in front of them for the soldiers to seize, in order that the latter might be deceived for a longer time and wear themselves out. #fulltime
1402	full time	The following is the style of life that Severus led in time of peace. #fulltime
1403	full time	Antoninus had first had the desire to murder his brother while his father was still alive, but had been unable to do so at that time because of Severus, or later, on the road, because of the legions. #fulltime
1404	full time	Then there was the provisions which we were all the time levying in great abundance from all quarters, sometimes seizing them
1404	full time	without compensation and sometimes spending a little something on them all this supply he presented or else peddled to the soldiers. #fulltime
1405	full time	Not even this sufficed him, but more than ever from this time he began his practice of unholy rites and often forced others to share his pollution by making a kind of annual offering to his brother's Manes. #fulltime
1406	full time	For this he was at the time imprisoned to await execution, but later was released, as the emperor died before he did. #fulltime
1407	full time	And since one of the latter's associates, under accusation at the same time with him, hanged himself before execution,
1407	full time	Antoninus delivered his corpse to the barbarians to be wounded, that the man might be regarded as having been killed in pursuance of a sentence instead of dying voluntarily which was deemed a creditable act among them. #fulltime
1408	full time	And he sent word to the senate that he was observing purity during the days when he was in reality sacrificing there domestic beasts and human beings at the same time to the god. #fulltime
1409	full time	and the rest five thousand lacuna  That model of temperance as he was wont to put it, the rebuker of licentiousness in others,
1409	full time	at the consummation of a most vile and at the same time most dangerous outrage, appeared, in truth, to be indignant; but by
1409	full time	not giving that indignation sufficient free play and further by allowing the youths to do what no one had ever yet dared to
1409	full time	propose, he greatly corrupted the latter, who had imitated the habits of women of the demimonde and of professional male buffoons. #fulltime
1410	full time	Macrinus, sent to Rome, had revealed this to Flavius Maternianus, who at the time commanded the soldiers in the city, and he had at once sent word to Antoninus. #fulltime
1411	full time	At this time the soldiers, both for this reason and, beyond other considerations, because they were vexed at having the
1411	full time	barbarians preferred to themselves, were not altogether so enthusiastic over their leader as of yore and did not aid him when he became the victim of a plot. #fulltime
1412	full time	The petition mentioned had always been uttered from the beginning of his sovereignty and this was the first and only time that he found fault with it. #fulltime
1413	full time	At the time this quotation seemed to have been mere nonsense, but when not long after he perished the fact that this was the
1413	full time	last speech he uttered to me was thought to infuse into it a certain truly oracular significance with regard to what was to befall him. #fulltime
1414	full time	Even during the life of Tarautas he was led, in the way that I have described, to harbor in his mind the hope of empire; and
1414	full time	at his death he did not, to be sure, either that day or the two following days occupy the office, in order to avoid the
1414	full time	imputation of having killed him with such intentions but for that space of time the Roman state remained completely bereft of a ruler possessing authority, though without the people's knowing it. #fulltime
1415	full time	had been tried by Severus, although at the time he was attached to the fiscus; he had then been driven out to an island for
1415	full time	betraying some interest, was subsequently restored, together with the rest, by Tarautas, had taken charge of his decisions and
1415	full time	letters, and finally had been degraded to the position of senator, with exconsular rank, because he had admitted overgrown lads into the army. #fulltime
1416	full time	Triccianus served in the rank and file of the Pannonian contingent, had once been porter to the governor of that country, and was at this time commanding the Alban legion. #fulltime
1417	full time	At the same time the public demanded that the horserace given on his birthday be abolished, that absolutely all the statues, both gold and silver, erected  Supplying, with Reiske, Greek hidruthentas. #fulltime
1418	full time	At this time Macrinus neither sent to the senate, as they were demanding, nor published otherwise any document of the
1418	full time	informers, saying either truly or falsely to avoid a great disturbance that none such had been found in the royal residence. #fulltime
1419	full time	He fought them at Tusculum every now and then, and contended with so many each time that he bore the scars of their bites. #fulltime
1420	full time	The inscriptions of these consular prefects begin not earlier than the end of the reign of Marcus Aurelius, perhaps not till
1420	full time	Commodus, and extend to the time of Macrinus, while during this whole time a period, that is, of about forty years all trace of the district prefects vanishes. #fulltime
1421	full time	As the time for him to govern turned out to be short, Macrinus bade him hold the office for the following year in place of Aufidius Fronto. #fulltime
1422	full time	The cancer in her breast, which, for a very long time had remained stationary in its progress, had been made angry and
1422	full time	inflamed by the blow which she struck her chest on hearing of her son's death; this helped to undermine her constitution and she made sure of her demise by voluntary starvation. #fulltime
1423	full time	He hoped that these recruits, entering the army a few at a time, would hold aloof from rebellion, at first through peaceful
1423	full time	inclinations and fear and later through the influence of time and custom, and that by having no corrupting effect upon the rest they would quiet them. #fulltime
1424	full time	But, united in Syria, they suspected that they should be liable to innovations if they separated; for the time being they could well believe they were being pampered on account of the demands of war. #fulltime
1425	full time	Then, after collecting as many of the soldiers remaining as he could in the short time at his disposal, he made an attack upon what was, to all intents and purposes, a most hostile fortress. #fulltime
1426	full time	And subsequently, when the communication about his son was sent, we had convened, not at the bidding of the consuls or the
1426	full time	prætors for they did not happen to be present but of the tribunes, a practice which by this time had fallen more or less into disuse. #fulltime
1427	full time	Ascertaining there that his son had also been captured Claudius Pollio, the centurion of the legion, had arrested him while
1427	full time	driving through Zeugma, where, in the course of a previous journey, he had been designated Cæsar, he threw himself from the
1427	full time	conveyance for he had not been bound and at the time suffered a fracture of his shoulder; but subsequently though not a great
1427	full time	deal later being sentenced to die before entering Antioch, he was slain by Marcianus Taurus, a centurion, and his body remained unburied until the False Antoninus could come from Syria into Bithynia and gloat over it. #fulltime
1428	full time	Others, taken up tentatively from one time  Reading Greek allote Bekker, Dindorf in place of Greek alla te. #fulltime
1429	full time	Attalus had once been governor of Thrace, had been expelled from the senate by Severus in the war with Niger, but was restored to it by Tarautas, and had at this time been assigned to Cyprus, as the lot directed. #fulltime
1430	full time	Investigations, however, show that there was a M. Valerius Comazon prominent at this time and that the word should be taken as a proper and not as a vulgar noun. #fulltime
1431	full time	Some noteworthy innovations were his applying to himself certain titles connected with his sovereignty before they had been
1431	full time	voted, as I have already described,  See Chapter and again his enrolling himself in the consulship in place of Macrinus when
1431	full time	he had not been elected to it and did not enter upon any of its duties the time expiring too soon yet at first, in three
1431	full time	letters, he had referred to the year by the name of Adventus, as if assuming that the latter had been sole consul. #fulltime
1432	full time	Finally, he set aside a room in the palace and there committed his indecencies, standing all the time naked at the door of it,
1432	full time	as the harlots do, and shaking the curtain, which was fastened by gold rings, the while in a soft and melting voice he solicited the passersby. #fulltime
1433	full time	The fact was admitted by all those who lived in Thrace at that time that lodgings and all the provisions for It were provided at public expense. #fulltime
1434	full time	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORY  Why Dio was not able to relate in detail the history of the reign of Alexander chapter  About Ulpian,
1434	full time	Pretorian Prefect, and his death chapter  Undertakings of Artaxerxes the Persian against the Parthians and Romans chapters , 
1434	full time	Dio's second consulship, his return to his own country, and conclusion of the History chapterDURATION OF TIME.  Duration of time eight years, in which the following are enumerated as consuls. #fulltime
1435	full time	These matters I have set down in detail, so far as I was able, in each case, but of the rest I have not found it feasible to give a detailed account, for the reason that for a long time I did not sojourn in Rome. #fulltime
1436	full time	I will narrate briefly, however, all the things that were done up to the time of my second consulship. #fulltime
1437	full time	Consequently, I expect to spend all the remainder of my life in my own country, as the Divine Presence revealed to me most clearly at the time I was in Bithynia. #fulltime
1438	full time	Only, the images from Troy turned back a second time to Lavinium. #fulltime
1439	full time	These the shepherd's wife took and reared up; for it happened that she had about that time brought forth a stillborn infant. #fulltime
1440	full time	Dio in I "What time he threw both body and soul into the balance, encountering danger in your behalf. #fulltime
1441	full time	Iliadis ,  Numa dwelt on a hill called Quirinal, because he was a Sabine, but he had his official residence in the Sacred Way and used to spend his time near the temple of Vesta and sometimes even remained on the spot. #fulltime
1442	full time	Furthermore, also, that they became composed at that time through their own efforts, and took the sacred oath; after which
1442	full time	they themselves continued at peace both with one another and with the outside tribes throughout the entire reign of Numa, and they seemed to have lighted upon him by divine guidance no less than in the case of Romulus. #fulltime
1443	full time	The Sibyl about whom Lycophron is now speaking was the Cumæan, who died in the time of Tarquin the Proud and left behind three or nine of her prophetic books. #fulltime
1444	full time	After he had in this way assumed an attitude of humility, he kept a sad countenance for some time and shed tears and when he at last managed to utter a sound, he spoke in a low fearful voice with a suggestion of a quaver. #fulltime
1445	full time	Beside the latter at that time was sitting his secretary, who in the Etruscan tongue was called Clusinus; and Mucius, doubtful which might be the king, killed Clusinus instead of the king. #fulltime
1446	full time	Now for the first time "stewards" began to be created and they called them quæstors. #fulltime
1447	full time	After a time the courts were delivered over to different persons, while these officials were managers of the funds. #fulltime
1448	full time	And it seemed to be most inconsistent with human conditions, and to many others also, some willingly, some unwillingly lacuna 
1448	full time	Whenever many men gathered in a compact body seek their own advantage by violence, for the time being they have some equitable agreement and display boldness, but later they become separated and are punished on various pretexts. #fulltime
1449	full time	A severe famine occurring at the same time that a town Norba needed colonizing, the multitude censured the powerful classes on
1449	full time	both these points, maintaining that they were being deprived of food and were being purposely delivered into the hands of enemies for manifest destruction. #fulltime
1450	full time	Recovering himself at length with difficulty he embraced his mother and at the same time kissing her replied "Mother, I yield to you. #fulltime
1451	full time	XIX  For the men from time to time in power when they became unable to restrain them by any other method stirred up purposely
1451	full time	wars after wars in order that they might be kept busy attending to those conflicts and not disturb themselves about the land. #fulltime
1452	full time	For when persons involve themselves in many undertakings that are at the same time hard to manage, they can discover no device
1452	full time	for confronting the multitude and array of dangers, and give up as hopeless quite easy projects after which their sober
1452	full time	judgments and, contrary to what one would expect, their very opinions cause them to lose heart and they voluntarily abandon
1452	full time	matters in hand with the idea that their labor will be but vain; finally they surrender themselves to unforseen dispensations of Heaven and await whatever Chance may bring. #fulltime
1453	full time	Zonaras ,  That the Romans on learning that Minucius with some followers had been intercepted in a lowlying, bushy place
1453	full time	elected as dictator against the enemy Lucius Quintius, in spite of the fact that he was a poor man and at the time was engaged
1453	full time	in tilling with his own hands the little piece of ground which was his sole possession for in general he was the peer in valor
1453	full time	of the foremost and was distinguished by his wise moderation; though he did let his hair grow in curls, from which practice he received the nickname of Cincinnatus. #fulltime
1454	full time	The Romans after fighting many battles against the Falisci,  Perhaps Dio wrote Fidenates or Veientes Livy, IV, , and Falisci
1454	full time	is due to the copyist, although, to be sure, there were wars with the last named Livy, IV, Whether the transference of Juno
1454	full time	from Veii to Rome Livy, V,  or the lectisternia just established about this time Livy, V,  constitutes the topic discussed is a matter respecting which scholars differ. #fulltime
1455	full time	The Romans, who were besieging the city of the Falisci would have consumed much time encamped before it, had not an incident of the following nature occurred. #fulltime
1456	full time	Zonaras, ,  The Romans after withstanding the inroads of the Gauls had no time to recover breath, but went immediately from their march into battle, just as they were, and lost. #fulltime
1457	full time	I am led to admire the barbarians on the one hand because either on account of the gods or his bravery they spared him and far
1457	full time	more do I feel admiration for the man himself for two reasons, that he dared to descend alone among the enemy, and that when
1457	full time	he might have withdrawn to some place of safety he refused and instead voluntarily returned up the Capitol again to a danger
1457	full time	that he foresaw he understood that they hesitated to abandon the spot which was the only part of their country they still held
1457	full time	but saw at the same time that no matter how much they desired to escape it was impossible to do so by reason of the multitude of the besiegers. #fulltime
1458	full time	For just as if they themselves were guilty of no offence and the Romans entertained no anger toward them, but were either
1458	full time	coming to them as friends to friends or else marching through their territory against some other tribes, they changed none of
1458	full time	their accustomed habits and were not in the least disturbed instead, all without exception remaining in their places, at their
1458	full time	occupations and at their other work just as in time of peace, received the army within their borders, gave them hospitable gifts, and in other ways honored them like friends. #fulltime
1459	full time	For by their disputes they kept constantly enfeebling in one way or another the good order of their government; consequently,
1459	full time	all these objects so to speak for which they were formerly accustomed to wage the greatest wars they gained in time not without factional quarrels, to be sure, but still with small difficulty. #fulltime
1460	full time	Romans, accordingly, are very anxious to surpass in war and at the same time they honor virtue; for this reason, compelled in
1460	full time	both regards by their nobility of spirit, they verily earn the right to surpass, since they take pains to recompense fair treatment fairly, and even beyond its value. #fulltime
1461	full time	So did Fortune for both parties in the briefest time reverse her position and by treating the Samnites to the same humiliation at the hands of their outraged foes show clearly that here, too, she was allsupreme. #fulltime
1462	full time	At this time some one reproached him with excessive use of wine, whereupon he replied "That I am not intoxicated is clear to every one from the fact that I am up at the peep of dawn and lie down to rest latest of all. #fulltime
1463	full time	As regards the prophecy the multitude was not capable for the time being of either believing or disbelieving him. #fulltime
1464	full time	And for the time being the weaker party, dreading lest it might lose all, paid court to them, and the wealthier class, encouraged to think it would not be compelled to adopt either course, maintained a hostile attitude. #fulltime
1465	full time	Bands of revelers accordingly jeered at them, they were still celebrating the festival, which, although they were at no time
1465	full time	noted for temperate behavior, rendered them still more wanton, and finally a man planted himself in the road of Postumius and, with a forward inclination, threw him down and soiled his clothing. #fulltime
1466	full time	Zonaras, ,  Pyrrhus, the king of Epirus, had a particularly high opinion of his powers in that he was deemed by foreign
1466	full time	nations a match for the Romans and he believed that it would be opportune to assist the fugitives who had taken refuge with
1466	full time	him, especially as they were Greeks, and at the same time to anticipate the Romans with some plausible excuse before he received any damage at their hands. #fulltime
1467	full time	The Romans suffered some reproach from them for a while, until such time as they took the field against them. #fulltime
1468	full time	The quality of moderation both obtains victories and preserves them after they are won, whereas that of wantonness can prevail against nothing, and if it be at any time fortunate in some matter, very easily destroys it. #fulltime
1469	full time	And at first when an embassy from the latter arrived, they returned no proper answer, because they were aware of the state of
1469	full time	their own equipment and because they were themselves still busied at that time with the war against the neighboring tribes. #fulltime
1470	full time	This was the first time the islanders were about to make the acquaintance of the latter, but they judged them more friendly and faithful than the powers which they then dreaded. #fulltime
1471	full time	XLVIII In the time of Fabius Maximus Berucosus "full of warts" the Romans did this, after burying in the middle Of the Forum a
1471	full time	Greek and a Gallic couple, man and woman they were frightened by a certain oracle which said that Greek and Gaul should occupy the city. #fulltime
1472	full time	Whereas the majority of persons are led by unmixed good fortune to audacity but by a tremendous fear to proper behavior, they had quite a different experience at that time in those matters. #fulltime
1473	full time	It was nimble and at the same time heavy to the utmost degree, and he could, therefore, run, fight, and ride safely at full speed. #fulltime
1474	full time	LIV  It is base to proceed to action ere arguments about the matter have been heard for in such a case, if successful, you
1474	full time	will be thought to have enjoyed good fortune rather than to have employed good counsel, and if worsted, to have taken your resolution without forethought, at a time when there was no profit in it. #fulltime
1475	full time	Now they both reached the camp at a most opportune time Hannibal had no longer any provender; Spain was in turmoil; the
1475	full time	affection of the allies was being alienated from him and if they had waited for even the briefest possible period, they would have conquered without trouble. #fulltime
1476	full time	At the time when burst this frightful war, a terrific earthquake occurred, so that mountains were cleft asunder and showers of great stones poured down from heaven. #fulltime
1477	full time	Furthermore, he concealed from this time on the suspicion that he felt toward them, and treated them in such a way that they chose his side by preference, and became extremely useful both to their native land and to the Romans. #fulltime
1478	full time	Then when the rays of the sun fell upon these, fire was struck out of them that consumed the naval force of the opponents and
1478	full time	the ships themselves, a device which Dio relates Archimedes hit upon long ago, at the time when the Romans were besieging Syracuse. #fulltime
1479	full time	Zonaras, ,  Though such a disaster at that time had overwhelmed Rome, Hannibal neglected to reduce the town, and occupied in
1479	full time	triumphs, drinking bouts and luxurious living appeared sluggish in the enterprise, until at length a Roman army was collected for the Romans. #fulltime
1480	full time	He had never had charge of any public or private enterprise before he ascended the Capitol and spent some time there. #fulltime
1481	full time	At this time the swiftness of his victory, the fact that Hasdrubal had retreated into the interior, and especially the
1481	full time	recollection that he had predicted, whether through divine inspiration or by some chance information, that he would encamp in
1481	full time	the enemy's country, a prediction now fulfilled, caused all to honor him as superior to themselves, while the Spaniards actually named him Great King. #fulltime
1482	full time	Some of the latter he did succeed in capturing; and the Carthaginians not yet lacuna prepared remained still, and Syphax was
1482	full time	by profession their friend, but, as a matter of fact, he held aloof from the action; by urging Scipio to come to terms with
1482	full time	them he showed that he was unwilling that either side should conquer the other and at the same time become his master; on the contrary he desired them to oppose each other as vigorously as possible but to be at peace with him. #fulltime
1483	full time	Publius Sempronius in a small engagement was vanquished by Hannibal, but later overcame the latter in turn Livius and Nero,
1483	full time	having become censors, announced to those Latins who had abandoned the joint expedition and had been designated to furnish a
1483	full time	double quota of soldiers, that a census of persons taxable should be taken; this they did in order that others, too, might contribute money, and they made salt, which up to that time had been free of tax, taxable. #fulltime
1484	full time	Also, when Syphax at that time was still endeavoring to reconcile them on the terms that Scipio should sail from Libya and
1484	full time	Hannibal from Italy, he received his proposition not because he trusted him, but to the end that he might ruin him. #fulltime
1485	full time	On this account Scipio, although at this time the commissioners arrived with peace for the men of Carthage, refused any longer to make it. #fulltime
1486	full time	During this same time Apustius with the Rhodians and with Attalus cruised about and subjugated many of the islands lacuna Paris Fragment, p. #fulltime
1487	full time	LIX  Antiochus and his generals were ruined beforehand; for by his general indolence and his passion for a certain girl he had drifted into luxurious living and had at the same time rendered the rest unfit for warfare. #fulltime
1488	full time	LXIThe Romans, when they had had a taste of Asiatic luxury and had spent some time in the possessions of the vanquished amid
1488	full time	the abundance of spoils and the license granted by success in arms, rapidly came to emulate their prodigality and ere long to trample under foot their ancestral traditions. #fulltime
1489	full time	Though he had at that time entered for a second term upon the consulship and had gained possession of untold spoils, he continued to live in so great indigence that when he died the dowry was with difficulty paid back to his wife. #fulltime
1490	full time	The only thing regarded as a blemish that attaches to his character is his turning over the possessions of the Epirots? to his
1490	full time	soldiers for pillage for the rest, he showed himself a man not devoid of charm and temperate in good fortune, who was seen to be extremely lucky and at the same time full of wise counsel in dealing with the enemy. #fulltime
1491	full time	They were especially anxious at this time to secure the title of Roman allies. #fulltime
1492	full time	They had wished to inspire some fear in Rome, for, not being bound to friendship by any oath, they had power to transfer their
1492	full time	allegiance at any time, and furthermore to be courted by such states as from time to time might be engaged in war with that city. #fulltime
1493	full time	This led to one of his most remarkable characteristics he would devise movements that looked advantageous as if he were merely
1493	full time	going to command others, and at the time of action would execute them as if they had been ordered by others. #fulltime
1494	#hurling	These they killed, and also destroyed many by #hurling blazing firewood into the diggings.
1495	#hurling	But, as he was rounding that point, a great wind fell upon him, #hurling some of the ships against the promontory, sinking others out at sea, and scattering all the rest.
1496	#hurling	Crassus went to help him and by #hurling the horse of his opponents back upon the infantry he thoroughly terrified the latter, so that he carried the battle no further but caused a great slaughter of the fugitives of both divisions.
1497	#hurling	So after #hurling threats at the obdurate image he set up a new one of himself.
1498	#hurling	And when they had prayed, the God immediately gave ear, #hurling a thunderbolt upon the enemy and encouraging the Romans with rain.
1499	#hurling	He set out, therefore, after these remarks, and after #hurling the bloody spear, that lay in the temple of Bellona, into hostile territory.
1500	Larissa	So PHILIP WAS DEFEATED and fled, and afterward, learning that #Larissa and the cities surrounding it had chosen to follow the
1500	Larissa	fortunes of the victors, HE SENT HERALDS TO FLAMININUS. AND HE MADE A TRUCE as soon as Philip had given money and hostages, among them his own son Demetrius, and had sent out envoys to Rome in regard to peace.
1501	Larissa	The latter first encountered Perseus near #Larissa and was worsted in a cavalry skirmish later, though, he got the best of him and Perseus accordingly retreated into Macedonia.
1502	Das Leben des Brian	note ; also G. Sotiriadis, Zur Kritik des Johannes von Antiochia, Supplem. #DasLebendesBrian
1503	#capital	The Romans of the #capital by some vague report heard of the victory of Paulus on the fourth day after the battle, but they placed no sure confidence in it.
1504	#capital	These were the portents which he encountered in person, but before the whole #capital others had occurred both that year and a short time previously.
1505	#capital	For the consuls before setting sail and Pompey using the authority of proconsul had ordered them all to accompany him to
1505	#capital	Thessalonica on the general ground that the #capital was being held by certain enemies but that they themselves were the senate and would maintain the form of the government wherever they should be.
1506	#capital	For the time being the soldiers were quiet, but on the way toward Gaul when they arrived opposite the #capital they revolted, and many of them, despising the lieutenants that had been set over them, arrayed themselves on Caesar's side.
1507	#capital	Thus Caesar was received into the #capital without striking a blow, and when he did not capture the other by pursuit, he returned and kept a more careful watch over the city.
1508	#capital	Also the men first to enter upon office were accustomed to hold the title of the consulship through the entire year as is now
1508	#capital	done the rest were accorded the same title by the dwellers in the #capital themselves and by the people in the rest of Italy
1508	#capital	during each period of their office as is also now the custom, but those in outside nations knew few or none of them and therefore called them lesser consuls.
1509	#capital	The two from the #capital took their stand on the land, the other on a kind of mound constructed for his safety in the sea, by which it was purposely surrounded, not far from them.
1510	#capital	The people of the #capital unanimously bestowed laudations upon him and images, the right to front seats and an arch
1510	#capital	surmounted by a trophy, as well as the privilege of riding into the city on horseback, of wearing the laurel crown on all
1510	#capital	occasions, and of holding a banquet with his wife and children in the precinct of the Capitoline Jupiter on the anniversary of the day that he had conquered, which was to be a perpetual day of thanksgiving.
1511	#capital	The Romans of the #capital voted these honors to Antony as a result of his prominence and in accordance with law, because he
1511	#capital	was commander but they voted them also to Ventidius, since they thought that he had paid the Parthians in full through the
1511	#capital	death of Pacorus for the disasters that Roman arms had incurred in the time of Crassus, especially since both events had befallen on the same day of the corresponding years.
1512	#capital	In the #capital itself and in the rest of Italy there is no one, however, no matter how great renown he has achieved, that has dared to do this.
1513	#capital	For since he had become disliked by many as a result of his long stay in the #capital and by inflicting penalties offended
1513	#capital	many who committed some act contrary to the laws laid down, while he was compelled in sparing many others to transgress his own enactments, he decided to leave the country, somewhat after the manner of Solon.
1514	#capital	Three of them have charge of #capital cases at law.
1515	#capital	Finding him dead, he conveyed his body to the #capital and allowed it to lie in state in the Forum.
1516	#capital	Owls gathered in the #capital and a bolt of lightning descended upon the house at Albanum, where the consuls reside during the sacrifices.
1517	#capital	The next move of Tiberius was to approach the #capital and sojourn in its environs; he did not, however, go within the walls,
1517	#capital	although he was but thirty stades distant, so that he bestowed in marriage the remaining daughters of Germanicus and also Julia, the daughter of Drusus.
1518	#capital	Taking charge of these he crossed the stream, and encountering the barbarians, who had gathered at his approach, he defeated them in a pitched battle and captured Camulodunum, the #capital of Cynobelinus.
1519	#capital	DIO'S ROMAN HISTORYVespasian is made Emperor is also designated as such by portents chapter  The arrogance of Mucianus and
1519	#capital	Domitian chapter  Revolt of the Germans chapter  About the taking of Jerusalem by Titus chapters  Vespasian levies money in
1519	#capital	Egypt chapter  He treats the Romans considerately drives philosophers from the #capital chapters  He gathers money by the
1519	#capital	efforts of his concubine Caenis, as well as by his own chapter  The Temple of Peace and the Colossus are erected Berenice is
1519	#capital	dismissed the Cynics are punished chapter  The punishment of Julius Sabinus likewise of the conspirators, Alienus and
1519	#capital	Marcellus chapter  How Vespasian met his death chapter  The mildness of character of Titus Caesar Augustus chapters ,  War in
1519	#capital	Britain, which is ascertained to be an island chapter  How Mount Vesuvius flamed forth conflagration at Rome chapters  Spectacles death of Titus chapters ,DURATION OF TIME.  Fl.
1520	#capital	Undertaking to ascend the heights themselves, he secured one crest after another amid dangers and approached the #capital of the Dacians.
1521	#capital	Decebalus, when his #capital and all his territory had been occupied and he was himself in danger of being captured, committed suicide, and his head was brought to Rome.
1522	#capital	So the citizens of the #capital prepared a trophybearing arch, besides many other decorations in his own forum, and were getting themselves in readiness to meet him some distance out when he should return.
1523	#capital	Many more, not merely in the #capital but throughout almost the entire empire, perished by the hands of scoundrels, who smeared some deadly drugs on tiny needles, and, for pay, infected men with the poison by means of these instruments.
1524	#capital	So it was that neither his general income nor what was provided by Cleander though incalculable in amount sufficed him, and he
1524	#capital	was compelled to bring charges against both women and men, charges not serious enough for #capital punishment but prolific in threats and terror.
1525	#capital	These in the first place tried #capital cases, from which fact they have obtained this title, on account of their questionings and on account of their search for truth as the result of questionings.
1526	Thiago Silva	Silva Nonius Bassus, Asinius Pollio Verrucosus. #ThiagoSilva
1527	Thiago Silva	When he had finished this exhibition, he wept so bitterly on the last day that all the people saw him, and after this time he
1527	Thiago Silva	performed no other great deed; but the following year, in the consulship of Flavius  L. Flavius Silva Nonius Bassus. #ThiagoSilva
1528	Thiago Silva	Silva Nonius Bassus, Asinius Pollio Verrucosus Cosa. #ThiagoSilva
1529	Allez Paris	Does it add much to mention that Nero ordered Paris the dancer killed because he wished to learn dancing from him and was
1529	Allez Paris	disappointed? Or that he banished Caecina Tuscus, governor of Egypt, for bathing in the tub that had been specially
1529	Allez Paris	constructed for his coming visit to Alexandria?  In Rome about this same time Helius committed many acts of outrage. #AllezParis
1530	Allez Paris	For example, a hermaphrodite lamb was born, and a swarm of lacuna was seen, down the doors of the temple of the Capitoline
1530	Allez Paris	Jupiter two serpents glided, both the doors and the altar in the temple of Neptune ran with copious sweat, in Antium bloody
1530	Allez Paris	ears were seen by some reapers, elsewhere a woman having horns appeared and many thunderbolts lacuna into temples lacuna Paris Fragment th Century MS. See Haase, Rh. #AllezParis
1531	Allez Paris	lacuna according to the lacuna Paris fragment p. #AllezParis
1532	Allez Paris	Paris Fragment, p. #AllezParis
1533	Allez Paris	During this same time Apustius with the Rhodians and with Attalus cruised about and subjugated many of the islands lacuna Paris Fragment, p. #AllezParis
1534	Allez Paris	And he in that place lacuna before Aurelius lacuna Vermis lacuna from the lacuna Paris Fragment, p. #AllezParis
1535	Da Silva	Silva Nonius Bassus, Asinius Pollio Verrucosus. #DaSilva
1536	Da Silva	When he had finished this exhibition, he wept so bitterly on the last day that all the people saw him, and after this time he
1536	Da Silva	performed no other great deed; but the following year, in the consulship of Flavius  L. Flavius Silva Nonius Bassus. #DaSilva
1537	Da Silva	Silva Nonius Bassus, Asinius Pollio Verrucosus Cosa. #DaSilva
1538	Republic Day	Zonaras, ,  Dio the Roman, who wrote a history about the Empire and the Republic of Rome and describes the farfamed
1538	Republic Day	Carthaginian war, says that when Regulus, consul for Rome, was warring against Carthage, a serpent suddenly crept out of the palisade of the Roman army and lay there. #RepublicDay
1539	Republic Day	Other points were that he undertook to be consul a second time, without having secured any office previously or the privileges
1539	Republic Day	of any office, and that while consul in Nicomedea he did not employ the triumphal costume on the Day of Vows. #RepublicDay
